

===== PAGE 5 =====
Present time: present simple, present continuous, present
0 Complete using the words in the box.
1 Have you dreamt of winning th
2 Ihaven't worked out how to set the timer on the
3 Mydad's lived in the same house...
4 Thefilm'sonly beenon... a coupls
5 Bruce has knocked three men out of the com
I py get the chance to get any exer
7 He'sonly...oovneei. got home
8 It'seleveno'clockandTodd... has
9 TI'venevermetRuth... What's she
10 Have you finished...? That was qu
E Choose the correct answer. to Ipswich before? to all the local newspapers and TV stations to complain.
A already write TV for the last four hours? Turn it off and get some exercise!
A Do you watch
B Are you watching | already e before eo ever e for e just
1 Ian... a shower at the moment, hour?
A takes
B is taking
D has been taking
A Do you ever go
C Have you ever been
D Have you ever been going
B already writing
C have already written
D have already been writing
C Watched you
D Have you been watching
5 [EfG, sme. hockey competitively or
A do you usually play
B are you usually playing
C have you usually played so could you call back in about half an
C has taken
B Are you ever going just for fun?
D have you usually been playing Sti dung cung Improve your IELTS: Listening +: Listening Recent Actual Test, Pronunciation in TAI NGAY BO ¢
ent perfect simple, present perfect continuous, stafive verbs Unit I
st e rarely e since ¢ so eo still o yet the lottery? the video...covvevviiieiiennn,.
I - he was born. ple of minutes.
C I have got ympetition...ococoel cercise - I'm just too busy.
1 asn't come home. Where could he be? he like?
D I have been getting -- left, I'm afraid. in the living room while we redecorate his bedroom.
C hasn't got quick!
A sleeps
D hasn't been getting
B is sleeping
C has slept
D does sleep
10 Actually, IL... a cup of tea first thing every morning but then I switch to coffee.
A do drink
B am drinking
C have drunk
D have been drinking
6 That's the first time right today!
A Iget
B I am getting an answer
7 Jessica has
A already
9 Unfortunately, Simone off very often.
A doesn't get
B isn't getting ~
+ Speaking, 220 IELTS Speaking Topics, IELTS
in Use Intermediate dé co hiéu qua tot nhét.