The first Reformed Churches were established in Europe in the 1500s , in the wake of the Protestant Reformation . 2
There are more than a hundred different kinds of liver disease . 2
Most oomycetes produce two types of spores . 2
Web browsers and web proxy servers employ web caches to store previous responses from web servers , such as web pages and images . 3
It is well - known spa town , specialising in mud treatment for rheumatism and similar medical problems . 3
The A $ 32 million first phase of a major upgrade began in 2010 and is expected to be completed during 2015 . 2
After condensation and ignition of a star , it generates thermal energy in its dense core region through nuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium . 3
Viral populations do not grow through cell division , because they do not have cells . 2
Over 100 ships or shipwrecks have been designated as NHLs . 2
NGC 1569 is characterized by a large starburst . 2
Students can also choose to attend a community college prior to further study at another college or university . 2
Old , Middle , and Late Egyptian were all written using both the hieroglyphic and hieratic scripts . 3
This digital data is gathered and stored so that the physicist can later analyze the data and reconstruct the physics that occurred . 2
Many variations of ketchup were created , but the tomato - based version did not appear until about a century later after other types . 2
There are 29 letters in the Vietnamese alphabet . 2
An important advantage of hydroelectric dams is their ability to be used as a peaking power plant . 3
For some species sex is not determined by inheritance , but instead by environmental factors experienced during development or later in life . 3
The region is rich in sea life , with more than 4,000 species of marine molluscs and a large diversity of marine fishes . 3
Those who saw the apparition stood in the rain for up to two hours . 2
When in 2001 , the local community published its own findings about the forest 's sustainable management , it became an example of community involvement in a state - run management plan . 2
If schizophrenia is caused by bad communication between mother and child , then family interaction studies become relevant . 3
The size of Irish elk antlers is distinctive . 2
The vagina is an elastic , muscular tube . 3
The proliferation of this weapon is shown by more than just numbers . 2
Normal wear and tear includes pitting corrosion from cavitation , fatigue cracking , and abrasion from suspended solids in the water . 3
Spanish athletes have won a total of 154 medals , with sailing as the top medal - producing sport . 2
No firm dates can be assigned to this historical figure 's life or reign . 2
No firm dates can be assigned to this Emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 456 to 479 . 2
It flies slowly with its head facing downwards , looking for its main food , the large apple snails . 2
In the US , during the show 's final season on - air , the show was open-captioned ; this was intended as an aid to help younger children learn to read . 2
When depicted he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face . 2
There are many ways to define the size or diameter of a cluster . 2
Cadmium sulfate is used widely for the electroplating of cadmium in electronic circuits . 3
Hormones are defined functionally , not structurally . 2
There are several algorithms for solving a system of linear equations . 3
They are usually regarded as the most basal of the caecilian families , with numerous characteristics lacking in the other groups . 3
The vegetation is mostly sub-tropical rainforest with some wet sclerophyll forest . 3
Conditional contraband , formerly known as occasional contraband , consists of such materials as provisions and livestock feed . 3
There are few characteristics common to all blues , as the genre takes its shape from the peculiarities of each individual performance . 3
The purpose of a formal name is to have a single name that is accepted and used worldwide for a particular plant or plant group . 2
The bunker walls were 1.5 metres thick and it was almost bomb proof . 2
Males of many species exhibit gregarious mud-puddling behavior when they may imbibe salts from moist soils . 3
Because planners expected fairly light traffic volumes , the bridge was designed with two lanes , and it was just 39 ft wide . 2
The museum also displays copies of the Erfurt Hebrew Manuscripts . 2
These sometimes immense gatherings fuel the ocean food web . 2
The opinions of viewers at the time was divided and it has not fared better over time . 2
Some critics reacted against the paperwork gameplay . 2
Tjapaltjarri paints abstract images of sacred stories and songs from his family 's Dreaming . 3
The event had eight professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers involved in scripted feuds , plots and storylines . 3
The Philippines has 17 administrative regions . 2
In Ancient Egyptian mythology , the god Chnum was said to have formed the first humans on a potter 's wheel . 2
Normal wear and tear is pitting from cavitation , fatigue cracking , and abrasion from suspended solids in the water . 3
One or two players regularly form a side on beach courts divided by a net like beach tennis . 2
Metics shared the burdens of citizenship without any of its privileges . 2
It is common for modern CPUs to have multiple parallel execution units , which is referred to as superscalar design . 3
The earliest settlers to the district arrived in the 1840s , and farmed the area with wheat and sheep predominantly . 3
Perception is one of the oldest fields in psychology . 2
While most of the energy released during gravitational collapse is emitted very quickly , an outside observer does not actually see the end of this process . 3
Today , however , price fixing by private entities is illegal under the antitrust laws of more than 140 countries . 2
In May 2015 , Brazil officially reported its first 16 cases of Zika fever . 2
The island has an area of about 174 km . 2
It was the mathematical aspect of surveying that led him to exploring the geometrical significance of complex numbers . 3
Feature movies usually have insurance when principal photography starts . 2
There are many different varieties of quartz , some of which are semi-precious gemstones . 2
A bird bath is an attraction for many different species of birds to visit gardens , especially during the summer and drought periods . 2
Unaipon was obsessed with correct English and in speaking tended to use classical English rather than that in common usage . 2
The Grade is more relevant to mountaineering and big wall climbing , and often not stated when talking about short rock climbs . 2
Garments are also checked for foreign objects . 2
The murids are classified in five subfamilies , around 150 genera and about 710 species . 3
Tropical disturbances that reach tropical storm intensity are named from a pre-determined list . 2
The lava is usually dacitic or rhyolitic , rich in silica . 3
On 9 December the government confirmed that about 90 foreign heads of state and government and 15 former leaders would travel to South Africa to attend funeral events . 2
The museum 's art includes some of the prefecture 's most important cultural assets and works by artists with some connection to the region . 2
Racing bicycles used for Criteriums often have subtle , but significantly different geometry from those used in other mass-start , multi stage road race events . 3
Librarians all over the world use this unique identifier in the process of cataloging most books which have been published in the United States . 3
Holland died of complications of cardiovascular disease on December 24 , 2017 , at the age of 89 . 3
The tombstones usually have some inscriptions . 3
Traditionally , the sea has been used for fishery and transportation of goods between the coastal countries and its coral reefs and islands are popular tourist destinations . 2
Flame ionization detectors are used very widely in gas chromatography because of a number of advantages . 3
By the late 19th century , scientists found that air could be turned into a liquid and the compounds in it could be isolated by compressing and cooling it . 2
The county is divided into municipalities . 2
The heat index is referenced to any combination of air temperature and humidity where the partial pressure of water vapor is equal to a baseline value of 1.6 kPa . 3
The book is divided into two parts , and is 108,260 words long . 2
Not every conjecture can be proven true or false . 3
The Adrar des Ifoghas area is characterized by wide , shallow valleys and is strewn with piles of eroded granite blocks . 3
Chinese records show that in 188 AD the comet reached apparent magnitude 0.1 . 2
As hormones are defined functionally , not structurally , they may have diverse chemical structures . 2
A volcanologist is a person who studies volcanoes and their eruptions . 2
The triggers for precipitation of uric acid are not well understood . 3
The film earned mainly negative reviews from critics . 2
Crystal structure is now found by analysis of the diffraction patterns of a sample targeted by a beam of some type . 2
Characteristic features are a very long filiform tail , reduced eyes , and a low number of pectoral - fin radials . 3
The initial landings began at 04 : 50 on 19 August . 2
Hyperbolas may be seen in many sundials . 3
Research is currently underway using organometallic catalysis . 3
A flounder 's diet consists mainly of fish spawn , crustaceans , polychaetes and small fish . 2
The specificity of bird calls has been used extensively for species identification . 2
The object has a red-sloped reflectance spectrum , saying that the surface could be rich in organic material such as tholins . 3
The mouse - like hamsters are not true hamsters , but represent an early split from the rest of the mouse -like rodents . 2
The witches gather around a cauldron in a dark cave . 3
The stated aim of the list was to protect the faith and morals of the faithful by preventing the reading of theologically , culturally , or politically disruptive books . 3
Oceanic crust is primarily composed of mafic rocks , or sima which is named for its magnesium silicate minerals . 3
Rainbow lorikeets are monogamous and pair for life , and the two sexes look almost identical . 3
On August 10 , a day of memorials began peacefully , but some people became outspoken after an evening candlelight vigil . 2
In a neutral atom , the number of electrons equals the number of protons . 2
The supreme court consists of a president of the court and 8 judges . 2
The family is endemic to Australia , and comprises 16 species in four genera . 2
Recent research shows that lithium lowers the risk of suicide for people with bipolar disorder . 3
Arachnids produce digestive juices in their stomachs , and use their pedipalps and chelicerae to pour them over their dead prey . 3
A computer program is usually written by a computer programmer in a programming language . 2
In some jurisdictions , specific types of criminal cases may also be commenced by the filing of a complaint , also sometimes called a criminal complaint or felony complaint . 2
Reflection nebulae and emission nebulae are usually seen together and sometimes are called ' diffuse nebulae ' . 3
In the United States , starting in 1996 , the show was open-captioned ; this was intended as an aid to help younger children learn to read . 2
An incremental backup only copies the data that has changed since the last incremental backup . 3
Starting around the 14th century , the word referred originally to the roughness of woven cloth before it was sheared . 3
In the late 19th century , Japan was still largely unknown and exotic to Westerners . 2
Some research suggests an association between personality and job satisfaction . 2
He is thought of as one of the most important architectural thinkers and urbanists of his generation . 2
In addition to the , the city has academies of sculpture and fine arts and a museum of statuary and antiquities , and a yearly marble technology fair . 2
Other authors have attempted to use Evolutionary game theory to explain the emergence of human attitudes about morality and corresponding animal behaviors . 2
The median income for a household was $ 34,669 . 2
Archeological evidence suggests a history of settlement in the area since roughly 2000 BC . 2
There are many biofuel options which are available . 2
Most mortars used today are made up of a barrel , a plate for the barrel to stand on , and a bipod . 3
The male is 22 cm in length with the elongated outer tail - feathers accounting for 14 -. 2
Over the years she has worked in various styles including jazz and art song . 2
In the days and weeks that follow , few dinosaurs remain . 2
This breed originated in the second half of the 19th century . 2
Algebraic geometry occupies a central place in modern mathematics and has multiple conceptual connections with such diverse fields as complex analysis , topology and number theory . 3
Natural and contaminant organometallic compounds are found in the environment . 3
The Eta Carinae star system is currently one of the most massive that can be studied in great detail . 2
Igneous rocks are formed when molten magma cools , either above or below the surface . 3
Hydrogen cyanide is a poisonous gas that interferes with cellular respiration . 3
Their feathers are mainly light brown with black spots on the top and buff with narrow blackish streaks on the underside . 2
Stubing died on 3 July 2017 at her home in Rome from multiple myeloma at the age of 76 . 2
The cat skull is unusual among mammals in having very large eye sockets and a powerful and specialized jaw . 2
Ethylene is made in the chemical industry by steam cracking . 2
It is best known for its engineering design work . 2
On January 17 , 1995 , a magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurred at 5 : 46 am JST near the city . 2
Members of the order Sparassodonta showed many similarities with placental carnivora , but they were not closely related . 3
From statehood until the election of 1966 , governors were elected to two -year terms . 2
Because they contain mercury , many fluorescent lamps are classified as hazardous waste . 3
Adults fly in the late morning and early afternoon . 2
Genets are highly agile creatures , with quick reflexes and exceptional climbing skills , and are the only viverrids that are able to stand bipedally . 3
7 - Eleven stores in Japan look different from stores in other countries as they offer a wider selection of products and services . 2
Pure aluminum is quite soft and lacking in strength . 2
Pots , made of terracotta or sometimes plastic , and window boxes have been the most common containers . 2
The cartful sells mainly two kinds of products , street food and clothes . 2
29,000 houses were destroyed and more than 5,000 people were killed . 2
Igneous rocks can be classified according to chemical or mineralogical parameters . 3
Two of the largest known impact events on Earth occurred during the Orosirian . 2
CIDCO carved out 16 nodes small townships with a view towards facilitating comprehensive development . 3
Basic general information about the clients : creator / company , license / price etc . 2
Jigsaw puzzles come in a variety of sizes . 2
According to the anti-nuclear movement , most of the problems with nuclear power today are much the same as in the 1970s . 2
Cockatoos are active mainly during the day and require daylight to find their food . 2
Most chemical databases store information on stable molecules . 3
The winning team gets 3 points . 1
At the application level , SATA devices can be specified to look and act like PATA devices . 2
He has many works . 1
Before the beginnig of the 1700s , there might not have been a permanent population there . 2
Although he was one of the leading players of his time , not much is known about his life . 1
Dredge nets have a gross mesh in order to let organisms smaller than the target organisms through . 3
Christian metal bands exist in most of the subgenres of heavy metal music , and the only common link among most Christian metal bands are the lyrics . 2
As a player he was a defender from 1992 until 2012 . 2
000 is the emergency telephone number in Australia . 2
After a virus has made many copies of itself , it usually has used up the cell 's resources . 2
An epigenetic effect heterosis has been found in plants , and also in animals . 3
The award was first given for films made in 1948 . 2
The design of the coracle makes it an unstable craft . 2
Unlike war crimes , crimes against humanity can happen during peace or war . 2
There are many forms of liver disease . 2
Rivette died on 29 January 2016 from complications of Alzheimer 's disease at the age of 87 , in his home in Paris . 2
The county continued to be developed for agriculture and is still mostly rural . 2
Researchers have also found the effects of illusory superiority in studies into relationship satisfaction . 3
Bangladesh played their first test match on 10 November 2000 . 1
There are some broad differences between encyclopedias and dictionaries . 3
The first legs were played on 13 and 14 February 2008 . 2
In Canada and the United States , neighborhoods are often given official or semi-official status through neighborhood associations , neighborhood watches or block watches . 2
Dill oil can be extracted from the leaves , stems and seeds of the plant . 2
The class was gradually taken out of service from the early 1980s . 2
As of 2017 , the books had collectively sold more than seven million copies , and appeared on numerous childrens ' best-seller lists . 2
Worldwide , breast cancer is the most-common invasive cancer in women . 2
The kinetic energy of a rotating flywheel is 3
In his fiction Bear often addresses major questions in contemporary science and culture and proposes solutions . 2
The water , having been separated from the air , leaves the camera aeolis at the same speed as it enters . 3
The nautilus shell is one of the finest natural examples of a logarithmic spiral . 3
In the 1930 season , the league considerably liberalized the passing rules , effectively eliminating offsides . 3
By the 1990s , the Federal government had changed its mind on wolves . 2
The area was settled in 972 . 1
Seventy students and teachers going to the United States for summer camp were among the Chinese passengers . 2
The network focuses on supporting peer-directed and open source projects . 2
In the summer of 2014 , during a brawl in his house he took a hit to the head and had a bad fall that resulted in a coma . 2
The center of a subtropical gyre is a high pressure area , which the ocean moves around . 2
Angel food cake requires egg whites whipped until they are stiff . 2
Smoked and salted cod roe paste is very popular in Sweden . 2
O' Connell died on 28 June 2017 at the age of 94 . 1
It is held in many mental health circles that masturbation can relieve depression and lead to a higher sense of self-esteem . 2
The tiger shark is often found close to the coast , mainly in tropical and subtropical waters throughout the world . 2
The groups offers services and developments programs . 2
Potassium fluoride is made by reacting potassium carbonate with hydrofluoric acid . 3
A satellite terminal is a building that is not joined to other airport buildings . 2
The botanical exhibits are organized according to their origin in free-air or climatized greenhouses , which also contain numerous tropical and subtropical plants . 3
Sixth is the roof escape hatch that is in place on all Funny Cars since the founding of the division in the early 1970s . 2
This equation uses information on the parent and daughter isotopes at the time the material solidified . 3
Social and affectionate , the name comes from the parrots ' strong , monogamous pair bonding and the long periods which paired birds spend sitting together . 2
Workers who were exposed to xanthan gum dust developed allergy - like symptoms from breathing in the dust . 3
Procaine was first synthesized in 1905 , shortly after amylocaine . 3
On television , breaking the fourth wall is rare . 2
Since the germ theory of disease , cleanliness has come to mean an effort to remove germs and other hazardous materials . 3
Cadmium sulfate is used to electroplate cadmium on electronic circuits . 3
Most species of the sea snakes are able to respire through the top of their skin . 2
In 1953 , he began working at a Brazilian hospital . 1
Garnica started in athletics after his eyesight got really bad , and is a T12 long distance track and field races . 2
Altogether , this fauna is massively dominated by large herbivores and generally lacks terrestrial carnivores . 3
The invasion planners specified a set of conditions regarding the timing of the invasion , deeming only a few days in each month suitable . 3
There are various modifications that can be implemented atop the fundamentals of the battle royale . 2
Gabrielle starts the series as a young girl who more or less stands behind Xena , and relies on Xena to protect her . 2
Observations of atmospheric chemistry are important . 2
The tower is at the south side of the place , where the land walls of the city join the sea walls . 2
The game has now spread around the cricket world . 1
Although certainly quadrupedal , the posture of horned dinosaurs has long been the subject of some debate . 3
Some skyscrapers feature rooftop helipads or heliports to serve the transport needs of executives or clients . 2
The following is a partial list of songs featured in the film along with the artist that popularized them . 2
In Australia , stillbirth is defined as a baby born with no signs of life that weighs more than 400 grams , or more than 20 weeks in gestation . 3
Historical attitudes towards oats are very different . 2
It is the smallest of the true hyenas and retains many primitive viverrid characteristics lost in larger species , having a smaller and less specialised skull . 3
From this , we now can evaluate the integral . 2
Horse races are taking place on Thursday . 1
The shrub reaches 1.5 m by 1.5 m. Its flowers are hermaphrodite . 3
The parish is entirely rural in character , the northeast being moorland and the southwest lower lying farmland . 3
A factoring system was created for para-alpine skiing to allow the grouping of classifications into three general groups : sitting , standing and visually impaired . 3
These four discoveries had a profound impact on the development of civilization throughout the world . 2
The diversity of species is astonishing . 2
After his football career he became an international successful referee . 2
Ireland died on 31 July 2014 from brain cancer , aged 68 . 1
Vanth was found at 0.25 arcseconds from Orcus with magnitude difference of . 3
The bones were those of a very short man , little over four feet tall , who may have suffered from a form of congenital dwarfism . 3
Investigators concluded that the probable cause of the crash was believed to be an inoperable instrument landing system and ground radar . 2
The center of a subtropical gyre is a high pressure zone . 2
In Australia , the colonization began in the 1940s , with the species establishing itself in the north and east of the continent . 2
Tide pools are a home for hardy organisms such as sea stars , mussels and clams . 2
Inductors are also employed in electrical transmission systems , where they are used to limit switching currents and fault currents . 2
The agency was created in 1990 with a team of six people . 2
In the 1970s , Olympic athletes were required to be amateur . 2
Much of the owls ' hunting strategy depends on stealth and surprise . 2
Zinc sulfate can be used to supplement zinc in the brewing process . 3
Now modern CPUs have multiple parallel execution units , referred to as scalar or superscalar design . 3
The game was the first of the SmackDown vs . Raw games to feature the newly revived ECW brand . 2
People have been pedicuring nails for over four thousand years . 2
Venegas began playing instruments at the age of 10 when her parents first sent her to piano lessons . 2
The rationale for the designated hitter rule arose comparatively early in the history of professional baseball . 3
Drug trafficking and illicit drug use is a significant problem in Russia . 3
The network focuses on supporting peer-directed and open-source projects . 2
The heat index is defined so as to equal the actual air temperature when the partial pressure of water vapor is equal to a baseline value of 1.6 kPa . 3
Much debate exists among taxonomists about which races of pocket gophers should be recognized as full species , and the following list cannot be regarded as definitive . 3
Before the advent of iron smelting , meteoric iron was the only source of iron metal apart from minor amounts of telluric iron . 3
Due process developed from clause 39 of Magna Carta in England . 2
The city has a number of sports teams , both professional and amateur , and a number of venues across the city . 2
Before contact with Europeans the natives of North America were divided into many different communities , from small bands of a few families to large empires . 2
As the Tenaru battle was ending , more Japanese reinforcements were already on their way . 2
Intellectual disability has been documented under a variety of names throughout history . 2
The illegal maneuver of spitting a colored liquid into the face of an opponent in professional wrestling . 3
Children between the ages of 6 and 16 are required by law to have full-time education . 2
The election election used the supplementary vote system , which is where the voters choose a first and a second choice of candidates . 2
He died on 26 September 2017 in Paris at the age of 91 . 1
The best -known method of prey capture is by means of sticky webs . 2
The drug is commonly used to treat attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder and narcolepsy . 3
These birds feed on nectar from flowers using a long tongue . 2
Modern cladistic work has not been conclusive . 2
Eventually , the Roman art of baking became known throughout Europe and eventually spread to eastern parts of Asia . 2
The names of oblasts did not usually correspond to the names of the historical regions , as they were created as purely administrative units . 2
There are two major highways in the county . 2
Pusheen is an example of the popularity of cats on the Internet . 2
Caramel sauce is made from heating water and caster sugar at a low to medium temperature . 2
Like most , or even all behaviors , aggression can be examined in terms of its ability to help an animal reproduce and survive . 2
The pygmy avoids human contact . 3
Echinoderms possess a unique water vascular system . 3
Amusement park go-karts can be powered by four-stroke engines or electric motors , while racing karts use small two -stroke or four-stroke engines . 2
Both species bore a passing or superficial resemblance to a very small , dog-sized saber - toothed cat . 3
From 2014 the museum had budget cuts that dropped its maintenance to less than R $ 520,000 annually . 2
Copper forms chemical compounds . 2
The test vehicle , which was used as an atmospheric drop test glider , had no propulsion system . 3
Thandiani has excellent weather and lush greenery in the summer months , and snow-covered views and hills in the winter . 2
The main entrance to the castle is through the western barbican . 2
The name comes from the fact that calligraphy - inspired typefaces were first designed in Italy , to replace documents traditionally written in a handwriting style called chancery hand . 3
The provinces are grouped into 17 regions based on geographical , cultural , and ethnological characteristics . 2
Straight rail was played professionally in the US from 1873 to 1879 , but is uncommon there today . 2
The road was built as part of a redevelopment of the area in the 1900s . 2
Chronic hepatitis C is defined as infection with the hepatitis C virus persisting for more than six months based on the presence of its RNA . 3
The university has a logo showing a white sunrise on a green earth referring to the sustainable development , major theme of the university . 2
These birds feed on nectar from flowers using a long extendable tongue . 2
A gorilla 's lifespan is between 35 and 40 years , although zoo gorillas may live for 50 years or more because they have more food . 2
In genetic sex-determination systems , an organism 's sex is determined by the genome it inherits . 3
Dormice are small rodents , with body lengths between 6 and , and weights between 15 and . 2
Most eels live in the shallow waters of the ocean and burrow into sand , mud , or amongst rocks . 2
Even though astronomers tried to find it again , it has not been reliably seen since . 2
The frog spends most of the year underground . 2
Another serious problem for civilians and soldiers was a shortage of water . 2
Boyce is best known for his eight symphonies , his anthems and his odes . 2
These dates could be the king 's birthday and coronation day . 2
Three soccer grounds using artificial turfs were opened on 3 October 2012 . 2
The diving featured 136 athletes representing 25 countries . 2
More detail on the health of the drive may be obtained by examining the S. M. A. R. T. Attributes . 2
The grinding of solid matters occurs under exposure of mechanical forces that trench the structure by overcoming of the interior bonding forces . 2
This gives the number 's distance from zero on the real number line . 2
The cluster contains a dozen of O-type main sequence stars , of which at least three are eclipsing binaries . 3
Lichenometry is a method of dating exposed rock by using the growth of lichen . 3
Black tea is often blended with other black tea or various other plants . 2
Although dissimilar in overall appearance , gophers have been united with kangaroo rats into a common superfamily for a considerable time . 3
English has changed and developed over time . 1
Programs are composed of instructions which operate on values . 2
The plant is semi-aquatic and grows mostly on rocky places at the banks of rivers or in the riverbed . 3
The tradition of homecoming has its origin in alumni football games held at colleges and universities since the 19th century . 2
Chinese records indicate that , in 188 , the comet reached apparent magnitude 0.1 . 2
Although the alligator often moves slowly , it can run very fast for short times , especially in very short lunges . 2
At right is displayed the color cerise . 2
The genre itself was defined as a separate movement from post- punk due to its darker music accompanied by introspective and romantic lyrics . 3
Tandem repeat describes a pattern that helps determine an individual 's inherited traits . 2
Superscalar CPU design is concerned with improving accuracy of the instruction dispatcher , and allowing it to keep the multiple functional units busy at all times . 2
On pictures he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face . 2
Certain networks have made changes to prevent them from being used by such multi-network IM clients . 2
From the hypostyle hall , one enters the second pillared hall . 3
When a conjecture has been proven , it is no longer a conjecture but a theorem . 3
Intellectual property laws such as copyrights and patents have the effect of converting some intangible goods to scarce goods . 3
A lot of electricity is used in arc welding . 3
s of 2010 , there is no vaccine that prevents syphilis . 3
The taxonomy of the genus is complex , and still under investigation . 3
So , in normal diploid organisms , chromosomes are present in two copies . 3
Amphiumas inhabit the southeastern part of the United States . 2
It has also been used to make lightweight blocks for building , and as a powdered ingredient in polishing . 2
Many cultures have an oral law , while most contemporary legal systems have a formal written organization . 2
The use of complementary colors is an important aspect of art and graphic design . 2
In one experiment , Lavoisier observed that there was no overall increase in weight when tin and air were heated in a closed container . 2
A Kiss My Foot match is a type of singles match where the loser has to kiss the winner 's foot . 2
During the epidemic , there were only a small number of men who remained healthy and bore the responsibility of caring for the sick . 3
All even perfect numbers have a very precise form ; odd perfect numbers either do not exist or are rare . 2
Also , there are multiple ways that an emergency communication system might receive an original warning . 2
The cathedral was built on the site of Mayan ruins Tiho . 2
In the 1970s , glass-ceramic cooktops started to appear . 2
A cache is a block of memory for storing data which is likely used again . 2
Tsetse have an unusual life cycle . 2
In most cases , control engineers utilize feedback when designing control systems . 2
Historically , many rhizarians were considered animals , with their movement and heterotrophy as justification . 3
Blood can leave only through a system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum . 3
The drug is often involved in drug intoxication , including overdoses . 2
Psychiatric hospitals used to be called lunatic asylums . 3
In addition , there was the matter of the Ruhr . 2
Polonium has 33 isotopes , and all of them are radioactive . 3
The following table contains a list of point groups labeled using the Schoenflies notation , which is common in chemistry and molecular spectroscopy . 3
The park was created on 12 June 1981 . 1
Heavy rotation or power rotation is a term that applies to a list of songs that get the most airplay on a radio station . 2
As a seasonal folivore and frugivore , the proboscis monkey eats primarily fruit and leaves . 3
Although they are the most diverse of the caecilian families , the caeciliids do have a number of features in common that distinguish them from other caecilians . 3
Other forms of synesthesia have been reported , but little has been done to analyze them scientifically . 2
He died in Paris . 1
The legal status of prostitution varies from country to country , from being legal and considered a profession to being punishable by death . 2
Those who advocate these measures are concerned with the later phases of product lifecycle and the comprehensive outcome of the whole production process . 2
The resort was dependent upon railroad and electric trolley service at first . 2
Crombie died in New York City , New York from a cerebral hemorrhage , aged 48 . 3
The following is a list of some notable nonfiction works discussing anarcho-capitalism . 2
The shovelnose frogs are digging frogs . 2
Many people with HIV do not know they have it . 2
So named for its resemblance to a ladder , the ladder frame is one of the simplest and oldest of all designs . 2
After the rinse cycle , the machine begins the extraction process , which recovers dry-cleaning solvent for reuse . 2
Some computer languages and the IEEE 754 - 2008 standard dictate that in straightforward calculations the result should not be rounded twice . 2
Different artificial sweeteners are used instead of sugar to give diet soda a sweet taste and some are often used combined with one another . 2
Historically , insects have been the most significant herbivores , and the evolution of land plants is closely associated with the evolution of insects . 3
s of April 2019 , there are five living former presidents of Peru . 2
Phytohormones are found not only in higher plants , but in algae too , with similar functions . 3
Bridges longer than 100m . 1
The type of current used plays an important role in arc welding . 2
There are typically fewer state senators than there are members of a state 's lower house . 2
Each one of these classes can be developed into unique material properties because ceramics tend to be crystalline . 2
Various political ideologies , such as Christian democracy , can be classified as centrist . 2
The artists who produced these unique paintings used techniques not often observed in other cave art . 2
Radymno is a small town , but it is highly developed in terms of sport . 2
The shield is supported by two wood -cutters of different races . 2
In former times most of the people were farmers , however later in the 18th century the production of textiles became more and more important . 2
Young open clusters may still be in the molecular cloud from which they formed . 3
She plays several instruments such as acoustic guitar , accordion , and keyboard . 2
He died on 9 May 2019 at the age of 93 . 1
Lactose intolerance is not the same as milk allergy , which is an immune reaction to some of the proteins in milk . 3
In the 1930 season , the league changed the passing rules , effectively eliminating offsides . 2
There is inherent risk of infection by salmonella bacteria occasionally found in raw egg from cracked or improperly washed eggshells . 3
Common nightingales are so named because they frequently sing at night as well as during the day . 2
For different rings to exist , something must separate them . 2
The company was also the first in the industry to make a gas-fired generator to electrify pipelines so they would n't corrode so much . 3
States are divided into counties or county - equivalents , which may be assigned some local governmental authority but are not sovereign . 3
The song gained popularity in September 2016 , when the first remix was uploaded onto the YouTube channel SiIvaGunner . 2
Daqing exports over 10 million tons of crude oil each year . 2
Misiones department is relatively flat and crossed by a number of rivers and streams . 2
Tidal stream generators are the cheapest and the least ecologically damaging among the three main forms of tidal power generation . 2
Production and consumption of energy resources is very important to the global economy . 2
An unusual feature at a water park is ice skating . 2
The first two were rarely used except by clipper ships in light winds and were usually set flying . 2
Animal coloration has been a topic of interest and research in biology for centuries . 2
CamelCase is used in some wiki markup languages for terms that should be automatically linked to other wiki pages . 2
This daisy may be used as a potherb . 3
To prove this with algebra , start with the equation 3
Based on the sizes of the moons , the original asteroid may have been about 28 km in diameter . 2
The lake has a length , from northwest to southeast , of 22 km ; its maximum width is 12 km . 2
SIDS rates are higher in babies of mothers who smoke during pregnancy . 2
The nautilus shell presents one of the finest natural examples of a logarithmic spiral , although it is not a golden spiral . 3
The family is native to Australia , and contains 16 species in four genera . 2
The city 's population became more diverse after the end of World War II , when a seemingly robust steel industry attracted thousands of workers . 2
At the time the United States entered World War II in December 1941 , flying across oceans was a rare luxury . 2
Oats are also occasionally used in several different drinks . 2
Hylids will lay their eggs in ponds . 2
The curtain rises on a warm evening in India , centuries in the past . 2
Many scale species are serious crop pests . 2
There are also arguments about if all the pieces are part of the same stele or come from different copies . 2
In Australia the colonization began in the 1940s , with the species establishing itself in the north and East of the continent . 2
The outer ear is the folds of cartilage surrounding the ear canal . 3
An a cappella choir is a choir which sings without any instrumental accompaniment . 3
He died 23 December 2018 in Mumbai at the age of 86 after a brief illness . 2
Treacher died on 30 April 2018 at the age of 93 . 1
Phytohormones are found across the plant kingdom , and even in algae , where they have similar functions to those seen in higher plants . 3
Several circumstances exist which allow for the termination of a support order for a child under the age of majority . 2
The city is a major trading and farming center in the area . 2
As chainsaw carving has become more popular , the makers of chainsaws are making special short , narrow - tipped bars for carving . 2
He is married to since 1990 , has four children . 1
A traditional design , the grapnel style is simple to design and build . 2
Guilt is often associated with anxiety . 2
Cenote water is often very clear , as the water comes from rain water infiltrating slowly through the ground . 3
The related term homodesmotic reaction also takes into account orbital hybridization . 3
The flattened bodies of stingrays allow them to hide themselves . 2
Stone , brick and other similar materials are strong in compression . 2
If a particle and antiparticle are in the appropriate quantum states , then they can annihilate each other and produce other particles . 3
Syncopation has been an important element of musical composition since at least the Middle Ages . 2
Building construction is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings . 3
More than 60 types of synesthesia have been reported , but only a small number have been studied by scientists . 2
The first records of a settlement go back to the 12th century . 2
The synapsids are traditionally divided into a primitive group and an advanced group , known respectively as pelycosaurs and therapsids . 3
The posterior lobe develops as an extension of the hypothalamus . 3
400 restaurants and hotels had to close for violating the laws that were set in place . 2
On February 14 , 2013 , there were rallies in more than 190 countries . 2
The distinctive horns and the muscular neck may have been used in fighting conspecifics . 3
An OEM damper consists of an outer mass bonded / vulcanized to an inner hub . 3
In his weakest form , Frieza is a relatively short humanoid with a large chestnut - shaped skull and two horns . 3
The second-generation of the iPod was introduced on July 17 , 2002 . 2
Goods -only trains were a rarity , and the usual practice was to attach goods wagons to any scheduled passenger services . 2
Most centrioles are nine sets of microtubule triplets , arranged in a cylinder . 3
A significant issue with standard candles is the question of how standard they are . 2
Notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule . 2
Sailing , fishing and equestrian sports are popular with both residents and visitors alike . 2
Chicken parmigiana is also a common dish in Australia and is often served with a side of chips or salad . 3
During the 18th century , the growing population of Paris resulted in the filling up of existing cemeteries , raising public health concerns . 2
It is a popular place for whitewater rafting and kayaking . 2
Van Vollenhoven was diagnosed with melanoma twice in May 2017 and in November 2017 . 3
In the 12th century the first stone church was built with the formation of the parish Ljungby socken . 3
Cell reproduction is more complex in eukaryotes than in other organisms . 3
His policy was broadly progressive but had little to do with socialism as traditionally understood . 2
These are large birds , with colorful plumage in males , but are nevertheless difficult to see in the dense vegetation they inhabit . 2
The common toad usually moves by walking rather slowly or in short jumps using all four legs . 2
Before the age of theoretical and computational chemistry , wet chemistry was the predominant form of scientific discovery in the chemical field . 3
Many scientists had thought that the frontal lobe was disproportionately enlarged in humans compared to other primates . 3
She stopped managing the agency in the mid-1990s because of health problems from diabetes . 2
Some of the Mortier de 12 pouces were used in coastal defenses , in which case they were fixed on solid metal platforms . 2
The book suggests that consciousness can be considered separately from the brain , which provides a basis for claims of reincarnation . 3
Each Indian state has its own management directorate for panchayat towns . 3
The long-tailed sylph is similar in appearance but does not overlap in range . 2
Organic synthesis is a special type of chemical synthesis . 3
Amphibians are the only vertebrates to go through metamorphosis . 3
Above the western entrance is the face of the astronomical clock , which was destroyed during the 30 - year war . 2
The scouring action of the glaciers pulverizes minerals in the rock over which the glacier passes . 3
The majority of species eat small invertebrates picked out of mud or exposed soil . 3
The shield is supported by two men of different shades of brown . 2
Many traditional wood joinery techniques use the distinctive material properties of wood , often without resorting to mechanical fasteners or adhesives . 3
The floorball section was started in 1991 .. 1
In many countries making or having a pipe bomb is a serious crime . 2
The nasal cavity is divided into two segments : the respiratory segment and the olfactory segment . 3
Cattle are large quadrupedal ungulate mammals with cloven hooves . 3
Vietnamese schools teach the alphabet with these 29 letters . 2
The bridge opened on December 31 , 1909 . 1
While hundreds of comic series have been produced in the Franco- Belgian group , some are more notable than others . 2
Different radio stations want their DJs to speak only at certain times , so cyber jocks have to be made aware of each station 's rules . 2
The movie got very positive reviews . 2
There are major differences between the political system of the United States and that of most other developed democracies . 2
A double pedal is two pedal tones played at the same time . 2
In March 2007 , the media reported a dispute over the final cut of the movie . 2
The album caused controversy because of a poster that was inserted in the original record sleeve . 2
The high wages and abundance of available land seen in the late 14th century and early 15th century were replaced with low wages and a land shortage . 2
Black tea is the national drink , and is drunk after food is eaten . 2
Gregorian chant was traditionally sung by choirs of men and boys in churches , or by men and women of religious orders in their chapels . 3
The sarus crane is easily distinguished from other cranes in the region by the overall grey color and the contrasting red head and upper neck . 2
Parentheses show how many students enter in a year . 2
Most stars are between 1 billion and 10 billion years old . 1
The parachute drop was a complete failure . 2
To diagnose a urinary tract infection in children , a positive urinary culture is required . 2
In the United States , about 2 % of people have chronic hepatitis C. 3
Roussimoff died in his sleep of congestive heart failure on the night of January 27 , 1993 , in a Paris hotel room . 2
Tsangarides died of heart failure complicated from pneumonia on 6 January 2018 , aged 61 . 2
Leatherback turtles are one of the deepest- diving marine animals . 2
There are three hostels for male students and three for the female students . 2
Skofterud was reported missing in the early morning of 29 July 2018 and was found dead on an islet . 3
While the idea was readily accepted by many in the environmentalist community , it has not been widely accepted by other scientists . 2
Over the next three to four days a massive nationwide hunt was launched to find the stolen items . 2
NaBr is produced by treating sodium hydroxide with hydrogen bromide . 3
After World War II many of the poorer Germans were displaced to Germany . 2
Historically , Latin or Romance has been the official language . 1
Humans play a key role in the biosphere , with the large human population dominating many of Earth 's ecosystems . 3
In the summer of 2014 , during a fight in his house he took a hit to the head . 2
Bears do not have many predators . 2
Binary form was most commonly used in the Baroque era for short dances called minuets . 2
The stage itself has been given named areas to facilitate blocking . 2
A person with astraphobia often feels fear during a thunderstorm even if there is a low chance that they will be hurt during the storm . 2
Misiones department is relatively flat and several rivers and streams flow through its territory . 2
Prior to 2009 , the United States was the leading issuer of IPOs in terms of total value . 2
Beninese literature had a strong oral tradition long before French became the dominant language . 2
The bridge is 2109 m long . 1
It is commonly observed that schooling fish are particularly in danger of being eaten if they are separated from the school . 2
Not every conjecture ends up being proven true or false . 3
The metatarsal bones are often broken by association football players . 3
Venegas plays several instruments including acoustic guitar , accordion , and keyboard . 2
Both of these industrial quarters were almost entirely destroyed during World War II , with the bombings of a single night from 3 February 1945 . 3
One balances a chemical equation by changing the scalar number for each chemical formula . 3
Blood can leave the erectile tissue only through a drainage system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum . 3
The division is noticeable in the maintenance and repair of these kinds of products too . 2
The movie received negative reviews from critics . 2
Roads entering the City are narrowed and have small chicanes to force drivers to slow down and be recorded by CCTV cameras . 2
The remaining three of the 33 tracks are instrumentals . 2
CPU caches are generally managed entirely by hardware , other caches are managed by a different kinds of software . 2
Zinc oxide is a white solid . 3
Until 1 April 2010 the Departments were as follows . 2
The division was one of the original 65 divisions contested at the first federal election . 2
In other cultures , a person has the same name as his or her father , but the name is in a different place . 2
The series takes place in the year 2517 , on several planets and moons . 2
Below is an example of typical netsplit . 2
Its relative major is E major , and its parallel major is C-sharp major . 2
Because of their tough , loose skin , honey badgers are difficult to kill with dogs . 2
Natural selection has driven the diversification of the toxins to counter the defences of the prey . 2
Studying geophysics may help with problems such as mineral resources , reducing natural hazards , and protecting the environment . 3
The velocity for a manned round trip of a few decades to even the nearest star is thousands of times greater than those of present space vehicles . 3
Shepodd died in August 2017 in London at the age of 89 . 2
Free or Zero-fare public transport services are funded in full by means other than collecting a fare from passengers . 2
These birds feed on insects , including those stirred up by cattle . 2
Nowadays , the German influence in the State of Santa Catarina is still very strong . 2
In Finland , peace and quiet in isolation is often the object of the pastime . 2
All of these animals are omnivores , but have different feeding behaviors and favorite foods . 3
Although its surface circulation had dissipated , its upper circulation remained unbroken and created a burst of rainfall early on August 20 . 2
The rocky coastline has been the site of a number of shipwrecks . 2
Croup is diagnosed based on signs and symptoms . 2
As people from Europe began exploring Africa in the early 1800s , guns were made to handle the very large animals that people saw . 2
The hard palate is formed before birth . 2
The song received mixed reviews from music critics . 2
In 2010 , he came out as homosexual , after previously describing himself as bisexual . 3
From 2014 the museum faced budget cuts that dropped its maintenance to less than R $ 520,000 annually . 2
It is not known who made the coat of arms . 2
It is best known for its design work for the built environment . 2
Half the sugar of a can of regular cola is still more sugar than many people on popular low-carbohydrate diets are permitted to have in a day . 3
Two ballets with such stories caused great excitement in Paris in the 1830s . 2
During the Iron Age humans started using iron for making tools and weapons . 2
While historians concur that the votes were accurately counted , the process was neither free nor secret . 2
The social and economic problems created by the disaster were overwhelming . 2
While admission to some concerts is free , charging for tickets is very common . 2
Most video games have one player character for each person playing the game . 2
Copper forms coordination complexes with ligands . 3
On each usual episode , a celebrity guest came on the show with a secret . 2
The following shows several D capabilities and D design trade- offs in a short program . 2
There was some controversy reported in India as some people were upset with the cat 's name . 2
Para-alpine skiing classification is the order system for para-alpine skiing . 3
Mercury is a silvery - white liquid post-transition metal . 3
Croup is typically diagnosed based on signs and symptoms . 3
Normally , battle royale players are only given one life to play ; any players who die are not allowed to respawn . 2
It is made by heating barium oxide . 2
Several gene families are involved in hyperaccumulation including absorbing and storing heavy metals . 3
As instrumentation has improved , distant objects can now be examined in more detail . 2
The wrestler holds both the opponent 's arms under his / her own , and delivers a series of headbutts to the opponent , who is unable to counter . 2
Today VOIS unites more than 3,500 performers and hundreds of record-labels in different music styles . 2
Urinary tract infections may affect 10 % of people during childhood . 2
Most of the city 's 19th - century houses were built of limestone mined nearby . 2
Other sources use minima as low as 28 kn and maxima as high as 90 kn . 2
Not every poison has an antidote . 3
Beninese literature had a strong oral tradition long before French became the main language . 2
Shores are influenced by the topography of the surrounding landscape , as well as by water induced erosion , such as waves . 2
Critics gave a mixed review of the game 's audio . 2
The radula is wide and has exactly nine teeth . 2
GCs are part of the feedback system for the immune system . 2
Pilcher died on 6 February 2019 , at the age of 94 , following a stroke . 2
The endocrine system consists of several glands , all in different parts of the body , that secrete hormones directly into the blood rather than into a duct system . 3
The first multiracial election in which all races could vote , was held on 27 April 1994 . 3
The eastern border of the province corresponds to the western bank of the Maas , which originates in France . 2
The garrote is known to have been used in the first century BC in Rome . 2
Alternation of generations between a multicellular diploid and a multicellular haploid generation does not exist in animals . 2
The bacterium was first found in a 43 - year- old American woman . 2
The insect produces carminic acid , which deters predation by other insects . 3
Web feeds are designed to be machine readable , so there is no requirement that they be destined only for user consumption . 3
The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated . 2
Insect galls are the highly distinctive plant structures formed by some herbivorous insects as their own microhabitats . 3
Over 2000 complaints were made against the organization in 2009 . 2
Unlike their relatives living in more hospitable climates , deep-sea cephalopods cannot afford to expend energy in protracted flight . 3
Many novels of great length have chapters . 2
The European spadefoot toads are small - to large-sized frogs , up to 10 cm in length , which are often inconspicuously colored . 3
Xenon difluoride is a strong fluorinating and oxidizing agent . 3
The hole reached 12262 m in 1989 . 2
Chicken or veal parmigiana has become very popular in Australia as a pub dish , often served with chips and salad . 2
The federal structure of Russia includes 83 regional parliaments . 2
Sections of the street are often closed for other events , such as an annual street festival . 2
The lake has relatively high levels of dissolved salts . 2
Despite their failure to score any hits , the American torpedo attacks achieved three important results . 3
The film was not a box office success . 2
The tree forms a thick , rugged bark containing high levels of suberin . 2
It was released as two -part movie on 8 May and 9 May 1980 . 1
Adult dicyemids range in length from 0.5 to , and they can be easily viewed through a light microscope . 3
Librarians around the world still use the number , especially when identifying books published in the United States . 2
There are 3 urban communities and 111 rural communities . 2
Because plans represent three - dimensional objects on a two -dimensional plane , the use of views or projections is crucial to the legibility of plans . 3
Observations of atmospheric chemistry are essential to our understanding . 3
With the basic characteristics of the LC - 6 accepted , a series of modifications followed . 2
His writings and movies have continued to have a major impact on later filmmakers . 2
Amazed that she loves him , he asks her to marry him . 2
Spelling was diagnosed with oral cancer in 2001 . 2
The organization was disestablished as their activity had been outdated . 3
TUTTs sometimes brings a large amount of vertical wind shear over tropical disturbances in the deep tropics and cyclones and thus hinder their development . 3
Horse races take place in on Thursdays . 1
African elephants receive at least some legal protection in every country where they are found , but 70 % of their range exists outside protected areas . 2
Tectonic earthquakes from the volcano had been detected since early August 2017 , and volcanic activity intensified for several weeks before decreasing significantly in late October . 3
He died on 12 May 2019 at the age of 80 . 1
These auxiliaries help express a question , show tense / aspect , or form passive voice . 3
Researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques that are typical for molecular biology , but they combine these with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry . 3
The ISO 4217 standard includes a crude mechanism for expressing the relationship between a major currency unit and its corresponding minor currency unit . 2
The tradition of homecoming has its start in alumni football games at colleges and universities since the 19th century . 2
The city has a lot of plant life , but has an arid climate . 2
Biting is when a wrestler grabs their opponent and bites them with their teeth . 2
The geology of the area is layers of gritstone , coal and glacial deposits of sand and gravel . 3
Yellow discoloration of the skin and the whites of the eyes happens in all types of jaundice . 3
The surface area , surface elevation , and water volume of the reservoir fluctuate based on inflow and local climatic conditions . 3
Because of code sharing , a single flight may be shown with many different flight numbers . 2
Recently , major card issuers have increased cashback amount to 5 % for purchases especially in grocery stores and petrol stations . 2
The province is a popular place among tourists because of its beaches and resorts . 2
Moose are mostly diurnal . 2
In the series , we learn that Geordi was born blind and wears a VISOR , an arc-shaped prosthetic attached at the temples that provides him with vision . 3
Dual use technology means to the possibility of military use of civilian nuclear technology for generating electricity . 2
Skipper died of problems caused by a stroke on 23 April 2019 . 2
Not all parts of language are controlled mostly by the left hemisphere . 3
The show is in syndication throughout the United States and Canada , as well as a number of other countries . 3
Females have a body length of about 8 mm and males are slightly smaller . 2
With advances in medicinal chemistry , most of today 's antibacterials chemically are modifications of various natural compounds . 3
This species breeds in colonies on coasts and lakes . 2
The sketches themselves were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air . 2
Large parts of the world remained plagued by largely preventable or treatable infectious diseases . 2
Though it is the least reactive of the halogens , iodine is still one of the more reactive elements . 3
The main economic activities of the town are tourism , commerce and fishing . 2
With an area of 1648000 km2 , Iran ranks seventeenth in size among the countries of the world . 2
The final was held on 24 May 2008 and was won by Russia . 1
They had seven Top 40 songs between 1973 and 1976 . 1
This was the first time that the federal government provided money for a structure dedicated to the performing arts . 2
Typical rounding problems include : The most basic form of rounding is to replace an arbitrary number by an integer . 2
Chemical literature connect structures or properties of chemicals to academic papers or patents related to them . 2
The primary application of cheminformatics is in the storage , indexing and search of information relating to compounds . 3
It is where a wrestler delivers an overpowering open - hand slap to their opponent . 2
Police said two men were arrested in connection with the attack ; another was reported killed in a shootout with police . 2
The skull protects the brain and the ribs protect the heart and lungs . 2
In contrast , the procedures of the Diet of Japan have moved away from the British parliamentary model . 2
Even when the PID infection is cured , effects of the infection may be permanent . 2
Lithium reacts with water easily , but with noticeably less vigor than other alkali metals . 3
He went into law after the war , and in 1921 set up his own practice . 2
The demand for organs significantly surpasses the number of donors everywhere in the world . 2
Efficiency slows down energy demand growth so that rising clean energy supplies can make deep cuts in fossil fuel use . 2
An automobile may use a longitudinal shaft to deliver power from an engine / transmission to the other end of the vehicle before it goes to the wheels . 2
The supreme court has a president and 8 judges . 2
Milch has bipolar disorder . 2
Many motherboards will display a warning message when a disk drive is approaching failure . 2
The greater roadrunner nests on a platform of sticks low in a cactus or a bush and lays three to six eggs , which hatch in 20 days . 2
A birdbath is an attraction for many different species of birds to visit gardens , especially during the summer and drought periods . 2
A slightly different explanation suggests this flexible catchphrase has to do with discarding the essential while retaining the superfluous because of excessive zeal . 3
Unique among the United States , Alaska is not entirely subdivided into organized county equivalents . 2
The film was released on VHS in 1989 , and on DVD in 2004 . 1
On Friday , drivers have a 30 - minute practice session and a 30 - minute qualifying session . 2
The station was built in a modern airport style , with all of its many platforms sited underground . 2
The island 's animals are mainly of the avian variety , although rabbits are long established here . 2
In 1933 the first gravel runways were built . 2
Delpire died in Paris on 26 September 2017 in Paris at the age of 91 . 1
Van Vollenhoven was diagnosed with a Melanoma , a common type of skin cancer , in May 2017 . 3
The different species specialise in feeding on different conifer species , with the bill shape optimized for opening that species of conifer . 2
As an example of isomer counting , there are nine structural isomers with molecular formula CHO having different bond connectivities . 3
Agriculture is one of the main activities in the province . 2
Captive breeding is difficult , partly because of the relatively infrequent breeding cycle . 2
On 29 August 2016 , he was reported to be in intensive care after suffering a stroke . 2
Fossils at Riversleigh are found in limestone by lime- rich freshwater pools , and in caves , when the ecosystem was evolving from rich rainforest to semiarid grassland community . 3
Tuning forks also play a role in several alternative therapy practices , such as sonopuncture and polarity therapy . 3
The oldest parts of the building have been dated by dendrochronology to 1094 . 3
Flannel , flannelette , and cotton flannel can be woven in either a twill weave or plain weave . 2
It was released on 19 March 2004 in Spain and on 10 September 2004 in Mexico . 1
The same terminology is sometimes used for functions that yield real , or other signed values . 3
Today laser engraving machines are in development but still mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality . 3
The taxonomy and systematics of the sooty / pale-tailed barbthroat complex has caused much confusion . 3
Structural engineering came to existence when the humans first started to construct their own structures . 2
The letter 'h ' is used to represent aspirated consonants . 3
There is widespread concern internationally that the trials and sentencing were politically motivated . 2
Brown recluse spiders are hunting spiders , so they spend most of the time on the ground . 2
The book was his first detailed demonstration of the power of natural selection , and explained how complex ecological relationships resulted in the coevolution of orchids and insects . 3
The strings of eggs absorb water and swell in size . 2
Polo is not always played on ponies . 2
It was in 1907 that residents of the town decided it was time to incorporate . 2
A foreshock is an earthquake that occurs before a larger earthquake , called the mainshock . 2
Over 99 % of the bacteria in the gut are anaerobic , but in the cecum , aerobic bacteria reach high densities . 3
His first presidential term was marked by a severe economic crisis , social unrest and violence . 2
Matches where also be played on Tuesdays or Wednesdays instead of the normal Thursdays due to scheduling conflicts . 2
Green manures are crops grown for the express purpose of plowing them in , thus increasing fertility through the incorporation of nutrients and organic matter into the soil . 3
Like most mental illnesses , there are ways to treat bipolar disorder . 3
Most nudibranchs are carnivorous . 3
Some people think this is because of paranormal or extraterrestrial beings . 3
People associate certain colors with certain flavors , and the color of food can influence the perceived flavor in anything from candy to wine . 2
Males and females look very similar except during the breeding season when the most conspicuous difference is a swollen gland around the male 's vent . 3
At 05 : 45 on May 23 , 1944 , 1,500 Allied artillery pieces started bombing . 2
It is made by reacting hydrogen bromide with sodium hydroxide . 3
From 1975 a phenomenon is growing . 2
Like several other Arctiidae larvae , cinnabar caterpillars can turn cannibalistic . 3
Non-crystalline ceramics : Non-crystalline ceramics , being glasses , tend to be formed from melts . 3
Mahar died on 21 May 2019 of heart failure , at the age of 52 . 2
There exist computable numbers for which a rounded value can never be determined no matter how many digits are calculated . 2
These enzymes are found in bacteria and archaea and defend them against invading viruses , which are bacteriophages . 3
The median income for a household in the city was $ 28,542 , and the median income for a family was $ 27,500 . 2
The hosts were only announced after the qualifying round . 2
In former times the main income source from the inhabitants was agriculture , however later in the 18th century the weaving mill of lines became more and more important . 2
Its name was announced as Suttung in IAU Circular 8177 . 2
Since 1963 he has been interested in chemical warfare and biological defense and arms control . 2
In addition , he was worried about the Ruhr . 1
Ten days have passed since impact , and few dinosaurs remain . 2
Many course themes are repeated throughout the series . 2
Up to 20,000 people visit the city during the summer months . 2
Leaving Paris shortly before World War I , he returned to his father 's house , but was denied support . 2
The island is also used for private events both large and small . 2
The estuaries and tidal flats are home to an array of plants and animals adapted to living in the oxygen - deficient saline mud . 3
Still , German influence in the state remains very strong and visible . 2
A move in which a wrestler jumps / falls down on an opponent driving his knee into anywhere on the opponent 's body . 2
The fossil consists of most of the skull , face and mandible with teeth . 2
During the single- player campaign , the player controls six different characters from a first-person perspective . 2
Even perfect numbers have a very precise form ; odd perfect numbers are rare , if indeed they do exist . 2
At the level of the operating system , SATA and PATA devices can be made to look the same . 2
As dance progressed into the 19th century , the emphasis on technical skill increased , as did the desire to dance en pointe without the aid of wires . 2
In Korea and Japan , the traditional writing system was simplified so it could be taught to the general public . 2
Today Trailways members are spread across North America . 2
Cryptographic protocols are widely used for secure application - level data transport . 3
The bushtit is one of the smallest passerines in North America , at 11 cm in length and 5.3 g in weight . 3
Cenotes are surface connections to subterranean water bodies . 3
The simplest form of term life insurance is for a term of one year . 2
To ensure that the movements of the fish in the film were believable , the animators took a crash course in fish biology and oceanography . 3
Some of these beliefs are partly true . 2
Crystallinity can be measured using x-ray diffraction , but calorimetric techniques are also commonly used . 3
Limited omnibus editions collect roughly 24 issues in a slipcase with several extras . 3
A clapstick is a type of musical instrument that is in the category of percussion . 2
The color irresistible is displayed at right . 2
The endocrine system consists of several glands in different parts of the body . 3
From the beginning , graphic designs were used to identify teams . 2
The idea of a general bypass around London was first proposed early in the 20th century . 2
He was one of the best known politicians in Sweden and was voted as one of the nation 's most popular politicians . 2
Sawadogo was sent to a religious school where the students often did n't have enough to eat . 2
Louvers are rarely seen as primary design elements in the language of modern architecture , but rather simply a technical device . 2
God created the universe and everything in it in six days . 2
There was a smallpox epidemic in 1839 that killed a large part of the population of the area . 3
Fibroblasts bear similarities to cellular automata , as each fibroblast only interacts with its neighbors . 3
The classic varve archetype is a light / dark- colored couplet deposited in a glacial lake . 3
An analog multiplexer is a special type of analog switch that connects one signal selected from several inputs to a single output . 2
Covering an area of 3263 km2 and with a population of about 128,000 it is the smallest , least populous , and least densely populated region of Italy . 2
This is a listing of the top ten point scorers in franchise history . 2
Mature adults have a pair of small fins projecting from the lateral sides of the mantle . 3
There was some controversy about an immunity challenge in the last episode . 2
Binary form was popular during the Baroque period , often used to structure movements of keyboard sonatas . 2
A tropical wave is usually preceded by an area of sinking , intensely dry air , sloping as a northeast wind . 2
Punching bags have been used in martial arts and swordplay for the entire written history of military training . 2
Procaine was first made in 1905 , and was the first man-made pain-killer that could be taken as a shot . 2
Statistics are correct as at 31 July 2008 . 2
One of the main characteristics of dormice that live in temperate zones is hibernation . 3
The 150th anniversary was celebrated in 2003 . 2
Ring - necked snakes are the only species of snake in their genus . 2
The Bull shark mainly feeds on bony fish and small sharks . 2
As a result microbial mats began to produce the atmosphere we know today , in which free oxygen is a vital component . 3
Omega Centauri is so distinctive from the other galactic globular clusters that it is thought to have an alternative origin as the core remnant of a disrupted dwarf galaxy . 3
Common toads can live for many years and have survived for fifty years in captivity . 2
Some octopus species are also able to walk along the sea bed . 2
The cluster contains at least a dozen early O stars , of which at least three are eclipsing binaries . 3
The authors explain that the problems of oil dependence are manageable , suggesting that oil dependence is a problem we need no longer have . 2
Presidents who have been featured on the cover 2
Higher-capacity Zip disks must be used in a drive with at least the same capacity ability . 2
Most coins of later series have specific commemorative topics and are usually made of precious metal . 2
Cattle raising is also important with 16,375 head counted in the 2000 census . 2
Cooking oil can burn well and may catch fire if it is used at too high a temperature . 2
He was holidaying in Germany the following summer when World War I broke out . 2
In 1882 the government decided to build a new central passenger station to replace the existing construction . 2
The National Parks Act of 1980 was written to record what national parks are for , and how they would be chosen and looked after . 2
The game starts by purchasing foods , toys , and furniture to attract cats to the player 's home . 2
Search engines also often make web pages they have indexed available from their cache . 2
In one experiment , Lavoisier found that there was no increase in mass when tin and air were heated in a closed container . 2
The show has a retro-1940s look , with simple animation and colors . 2
The school has co-curricular activities A drama was filmed in 2005 . 2
The upperside of the wings is dark reddish brown with the forewing sometimes having white submarginal spots . 3
Nowadays the creation of town and parish councils is encouraged in unparished areas . 2
Benefits of exercise for all ages have been known since antiquity . 2
Regular events and art installations are a feature of the island . 2
On January 27 , 1993 , he died of congestive heart failure while he was sleeping in his Paris hotel room . 2
The population was 26,190 at the 2010 census and 35,050 following a special census conducted in 2018 . 2
Cryptographic protocols are widely used for secure application - level data transport , in order to secure transferred messages . 3
The race for natural resources will be hard , the biocapacity of the world will be exploited more and more . 2
The total number of people with this infection is higher in some countries in Africa and Asia . 2
In 1895 , the six premiers of the Australian colonies agreed to establish a new Convention by popular vote . 2
Both of these calculations can be computed efficiently using the square- and - multiply algorithm for modular exponentiation . 3
A TGV test train set the world record for the fastest wheeled train , reaching 574.8 km / h on 3 April 2007 . 2
Changeable optics filters are used in the colorimeter to select the wavelength which the solute absorbs the most , in order to maximize accuracy . 3
These spots are often followed within a few days or weeks by a much greater leakage of blood , which blurs vision . 3
Each postcode area is further divided into post towns and postcode districts . 2
Most historians agree that the result was not fixed , but the voting process was neither free nor secret . 2
There are many lodges and reserves for tourists . 2
A consultant is usually an expert or an experienced professional in a specific field and has a wide knowledge of the subject matter . 2
He has made over 90 movies , most of them were documentaries . 1
The foundation of the abbey Fulda and its territory originated with an Imperial grant , and the sovereign principality therefore was subject only to the German emperor . 2
In an average laying hen , the process of shell formation takes around 20 hours . 2
Casualty estimates from the battle vary widely . 2
Black contributed to basic scientific and clinical knowledge in cardiology , both as a physician and as a basic scientist . 3
Scientists do not yet know what these dinosaurs ate . 2
Early Egyptian medicine was based on a mixture of magic and religious spells . 2
The chloroplasts of glaucophytes are known as' cyanelles ' . 3
The film had a chilly reception with critics . 2
Artesian wells were named after the old province of Artois in France , where many artesian wells were drilled by Carthusian monks from 1126 . 3
Outside its native range , emerald ash borer is an invasive species that is highly destructive to ash trees in its introduced range . 3
Shammi died in her sleep on the March 6 , 2018 , from natural causes at the age of 88 . 2
Some of the food waste produced by processing can be difficult to reduce without affecting the quality of the finished product . 2
The quarter has a population of 19,921 , in an area of 2.46 km2 . 2
Two major special operations were planned for the offensive . 2
Concerts involving a greater number of artists , especially those that last for days , are known as festivals . 2
Reintroduction is the release of species back into the wild . 2
The aim of the list was to protect the belief and morals of the faithful . 2
Other distances are run , particularly indoors but occasionally outdoors . 2
Key : Years in parentheses are the year of adoption by the state 's legislature . 3
Bird banders have found that only 25 % of juvenile American robins live through their first year . 2
In the United States , the term lien generally refers to a wide range of encumbrances and would include other forms of mortgage or charge . 3
The main rooftop mast supports two FM master antennas , and a top-mounted television antenna previously used by WBPX . 2
Timber is generally pale pink to pinkish brown in color , often with distinctive light grey streaks . 2
Hornworts may be found world - wide , growing where it is damp or humid . 2
The majority of feature movies are between 70 and 210 minutes long . 2
The city government consists of a part-time mayor elected at-large and a five-member part-time city council elected from districts . 2
Association football is the most popular sport in Costa Rica . 2
Plant breeding started with sedentary agriculture and particularly the domestication of the first agricultural plants , a practice which is estimated to date back 9,000 to 11,000 years . 3
The rate of fire depended on the skill of the soldier , which was typically about three shots per minute . 2
Strategic bombing was used in World War I , though it was not understood in its present form . 2
The western grey kangaroo is one of the largest macropods in Australia . 2
Many types of ducks and geese share the same habitat , have overlapping or same hunting seasons , and are hunted the same . 2
With the Internet now being a viable source for music , net labels emerge . 2
Income is highly associated with prenatal health care . 2
The bridge is 800 ft in length with two towers each 213 ft high , built on piers . 2
French literature and poetry flourished even more in the 18th and 19th centuries . 2
Fish and amphibian eggs have only one inner membrane , the embryonic membrane . 3
It showed that 5,308,483 people were living in the United States , of whom 893,602 were slaves . 2
Animals respond to threats in many complex ways . 2
The damper consists of an inner hub attached to the end of the crankshaft . 2
In several countries , rifle clubs have been made since the 19th century . 2
She suffered a miscarriage and survived clinical death . 2
During the 18th century , the growing population of Paris resulted in the filling of existing cemeteries , causing public health concerns . 2
It is common in folk traditions of choral singing of many people , especially in African musical cultures . 2
Outside France , baguettes are also made with other doughs . 2
The economic impact of the common cold is poorly understood in much of the world . 2
In 2010 , he came out as homosexual . 2
He is credited as one of the first Japanese wrestlers to gain a fan base outside of his native Japan in the United States . 2
At the end of the war , he moved to Paris and resumed working almost exclusively in charcoal and lithography . 3
While in eighth grade , she started modeling . 2
Sgr A West looks like a three - arm spiral from the point of view of the Earth . 2
Paralysis is most often caused by damage to the nervous system or brain , especially the spinal cord . 3
Shellac is a very widely used single -component resin varnish that is alcohol-soluble . 3
More than 470 species of birds have been identified in the park , many of which are migrants , with almost 60 species being raptors . 2
But eventually , the two women tell each other the truth . 2
' Lemon basil ' has a strong lemony smell and flavor very different from those of other varieties because it contains a chemical called citral . 2
In the world , breast cancer is the fifth-most common cause of cancer death . 2
The tiger shark is found in many different kinds of marine habitats , but it usually prefers murky waters in coastal areas . 2
In 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 70,160 . 2
Hall spent his career examining the neurological component of fly courtship and behavioral rhythms . 3
Nightingales are named so because they frequently sing at night as well as during the day . 2
Some extinct animals such as sauropod dinosaurs appear to have used stones to grind tough plant matter . 3
Following word of its debut , interest in the machine grew across Europe . 2
Many species have five petals , often grown together . 2
Statistics are correct as of 12 March 2019 . 2
There are two objects , one convex and one nonconvex , that can both be called regular icosahedra . 3
Secondary cells are rechargeable . 2
On May 22 , 1933 , Chinese and Japanese representatives met to negotiate the end of the conflict . 2
Some enzymes or enzyme complexes require several cofactors . 3
The Master has featured in spin-offs of the series , which are of unclear canonicity and may not take place in the same continuity . 2
Most people infected with trichomonas vaginalis do not have any symptoms and can be undetected for years . 2
The movie received mainly mixed reviews . 2
The penalty for high treason is life imprisonment . 3
Dugongs are more closely related to elephants than to other sea creatures . 2
On the hillside above the main house stands a four- bay carport , servants ' quarters , and a guest house . 2
Tor is an man one inch tall who can not fall asleep no matter what he tries . 1
Hot chocolate can be made with dark , semisweet , or bittersweet chocolate chopped into small pieces and stirred into milk with the addition of sugar . 2
Film Crities Circle of Australia Awards 2
The function of the reaction center of chlorophyll is to absorb light energy and transfer it to other parts of the photosystem . 3
The ladder analogy arises because no one technique can measure distances at all ranges encountered in astronomy . 3
The films are written and directed by a variety of individuals and feature large , often ensemble , casts . 2
started as a political youth organization in 2000 and became a political party in January 2006 , running in the 2006 elections . 2
Early on September 21 , the motion moved to the north as it moved along the northwest edge of the subtropical ridge . 2
Potassium ions are vital for the functioning of all living cells . 3
Often , the desired trophic index differs between stakeholders . 2
When writing currency amounts , the location of the symbol varies by language . 2
The structure and functions of the Departments were re-organized with effect from 1 April 2010 . 2
Moose have been hunted by humans for a very long time , since the Stone Age . 2
The circuit has been criticized by the drivers for its lack of overtaking opportunites . 2
The convention is about what a state is and what rights and duties a state has . 2
Miso is a very important part of Japanese food . 1
Many species of skippers look very alike . 2
Many species reproduce entirely by parthenogenesis . 3
There are a few major differences between the political system of the United States and that of most other developed democracies . 2
As of 20 , 2019 . 1
In modern times , the waters are 70 % to 90 % used for human purposes and the flow is greatly reduced . 2
The German people and troops disliked the idea of going against Dutch neutrality . 2
In Spanish -speaking countries there are many different names for each variety and preparation . 2
After his retirement he wrote other chess treatises , but his isolation prevented him from assimilating the positional ideas of the new generation of chess-players . 3
Now , laser engraving machines are being made and even today the mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality . 3
Carreras has received numerous awards and distinctions for both his artistic and humanitarian work . 2
Zero-fare public transport services are funded in full by means other than collecting a fare from passengers , normally through heavy subsidy or commercial sponsorship by businesses . 2
The film 's story is about an astronaut crew who leave Earth on a deep space mission and crash land on a supposedly alien planet in the 40th century . 2
X provides the basic components to build GUI environments : drawing and moving windows on the screen and interacting with a mouse or a keyboard . 2
A flash flood on 16 August 2004 , caused extensive damage to the village . 2
The original motivation for choosing the degree as a unit of rotations and angles is unknown . 2
In the center of a village , the ground begins to open up and a strange green light emanates from within . 2
Felsic rocks are usually light in color and have specific gravities less than 3 . 2
The treaty also encompasses a mutual , cooperative approach to environmental technology regulations and energy conservation ; and toward international finance and trade . 3
The story has been changed many times in the centuries following its publication . 2
Usually , sex is determined by an organism 's genes . 2
As of April 2018 , there are four living former Second Ladies . 2
Fluids can contain suspended solid matter consisting of particles of many different sizes . 2
During World War II , the elephants at the Zoo were killed in the air raids of September 7 - 8 , 1941 . 2
FGM may increase a woman 's risk of having problems during pregnancy and childbirth . 2
In 1903 and 1904 , Stumpf was involved in two well - publicized debunking episodes related to sensational phenomena . 3
On - shore and off-shore winds can be extremely strong as the lake warms and cools more slowly than the land . 2
The fundamentals of bird flight are similar to those of aircraft . 2
An elbow smash is where a wrestler makes a punching motion , tucks their hand towards their chest so the elbow and forearm make contact . 2
Crustaceans exhibit a number of larval forms , of which the earliest and most characteristic is the nauplius . 3
Bidding documents were sent to seventeen cities in consideration for hosting a WrestleMania event between 2012 and 2014 , with fourteen replying in interest . 2
Barium peroxide arises by the reversible reaction of O with barium oxide . 3
The currently accepted rules of ancient Greek boxing are based on historical references and images . 2
Naloxone can be used to reverse opioid overdose and to reduce the slowed breathing or mental depression that opioids can cause . 3
The following is a partial list of notable nonfiction works discussing anarcho-capitalism . 3
His lectures were legendary and frequently used to last for three or four hours . 2
The most complex molecular machines are made of proteins , and found in cells . 3
Of the total exploitation length of route 72 % or 2117 km are in common carrier service and does not include industrial lines . 3
In analog circuit design , a multiplexer is a special type of analog switch that connects one signal selected from several inputs to a single output . 2
There are many churches and historical buildings . 2
To date , one Class 01 / 5 registered locomotive has been preserved . 2
Politicians have always used language , as in speeches or campaign advertisements . 2
In 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce Saturday afternoon and Sunday shifts . 2
Germanicus ' campaign had been taken to avenge the Teutoburg slaughter and also partially in reaction to indications of mutinous intent amongst his troops . 3
NMR spectroscopy databases provide information to relate structure and NMR data . 2
Professional straight rail in the United States was only seen for six years , from 1873 to 1879 . 2
Carreras has received many awards both because of his musical and humanitarian work . 2
The professors currently hold their positions for three years , extendable for a fourth year . 2
By March 2011 , the series had sold over 89million physical copies , and grossed over $ by 2014 . 2
Without treatment , an acute attack of gout will usually resolve in 5 to 7 days . 2
It is possible to fire a light machine gun from the hip , or on the move . 2
At a large synchrotron facility there will be many beamlines , each optimized for a particular field of research . 3
From prehistoric times there are examples of graves covered with a stone slab , in its natural state or carved . 3
The common cuckoo is an obligate brood parasite ; it lays its eggs in the nests of other birds . 3
The database has more than 15 million articles from more than 3,600 publications . 2
One of the first , and most powerful , techniques to improve performance is the use of instruction pipelining . 2
The concepts of angle and radius were already used by ancient peoples of the first millennium BC . 2
Distances measured in fractions of a parsec usually involve objects within the same star system . 2
A large temple also had a lot of land and employed thousands of ordinary people to supply its needs . 2
People are nomads for many reasons . 2
For most untrained people , the process of smelling gives little information concerning the specific ingredients of an odor . 2
Actors working in theater , film , and television have to learn different skills . 2
Prokaryotes include bacteria and archaea , two of the three domains of life . 3
Structural engineering has existed since humans first started to construct their own structures . 2
In warfare , the long-term objective is the defeat of the enemy . 2
The memory for events that evoke a particularly strong emotion may involve both declarative and procedural memory processes . 3
Alsop died on 12 May 2018 at the age of 70 . 1
The least skipper favors damp or wet habitats with tall grasses . 2
At the 2000 United States Census there were 297,490 people , 108,984 households and 78,359 families residing in the county . 2
This can be done reasonably quickly , even for very large numbers , using modular exponentiation . 3
This daisy may be used as a leaf vegetable . 2
Those who advocate it are concerned with the later phases of product lifecycle and the comprehensive outcome of the whole production process . 2
The work is anonymous , and there is speculation about the author 's identity . 2
Shellac is a very widely used single component resin varnish that is is dissolved in alcohol . 3
The agency was established in 1990 with a team of six people . 2
In all states of the United States and most African and Asian nations , corporal punishment by parents is currently legal . 2
The first ever international cricket match was played between Canada and the United States , on the 24 and 25 September 1844 . 2
There are also journals , online articles and blogs available . 1
Medical testing for sexually transmitted infections is important for prevention . 2
It is estimated that approximately half of all proteins contain a metal . 2
Some dispute psychometrics entirely . 3
A dialdehyde is a molecule with two aldehydes . 3
Queen Marie never managed to develop political influence . 2
Most thinking in genetics has focused upon vertical transfer , but the importance of horizontal gene transfer among single -cell organisms is beginning to be acknowledged . 3
There are a wide variety of symptoms that have been found to be associated with sensory overload . 2
At the beginning of the 19th century the building was sold and partly used as a restaurant . 2
In 2016 Cocks was diagnosed with kidney cancer . 2
The authors ' claim that nuclear power and clean coal are not clean technologies . 2
The thrush builds a neat mud-lined cup nest in a bush or tree and lays four or five dark -spotted blue eggs . 2
There have been many disputes over what makes production and modified cars when used in motorsports . 2
The ossuary became a tourist attraction on from the early 19th century and has been open to the public on a regular basis from 1867 . 2
A belt of lowland tropical moist broadleaf forests , runs across most of equatorial Africa . 3
Modern physical chemistry originated in the 1860s to 1880s with work on chemical thermodynamics , electrolytes in solutions , chemical kinetics and other subjects . 3
It is difficult to exactly trace the history of design management . 2
In rocks of the Mesozoic era , gastropods are slightly more common as fossils ; their shells are often well preserved . 2
The majority of squid are no more than 60 cm long , although the giant squid may reach 13 m . 2
The biological model of lust is different from love because it is more like hunger or thirst . 2
Points are awarded to drivers and teams based on their finishing order . 2
In Singapore , 7 - Eleven forms the largest chain of convenience stores island-wide . 2
The meat in the dish was normally cut into medium-sized pieces and simmered with the vegetables in water . 2
The arts are usually considered as part of the humanities . 2
Due process developed from clause 39 of the Magna Carta in England . 2
Radymno is a small town , but it is extremely developed in terms of sport . 2
There are various factors that can make a seller more or less willing to produce and sell a good . 2
The song gained popularity in September 2016 , when a remix was uploaded onto the YouTube channel SiIvaGunner , where many memes and parody videos have been uploaded since . 3
The building of both bridges was problematic , with both the first and second bridges requiring several redesigns from multiple architects . 2
On television , breaking the fourth wall has been done throughout the history of the medium . 2
Both cetaceans and artiodactyl are now classified under the super-order Cetartiodactyla , which includes both whales and hippopotamuses . 3
Orders of magnitude are generally used to make very approximate comparisons . 2
It is usually possible to save a text conversation for later reference . 2
Over the next few days , a psychological war ensues . 2
Zinc sulfate can be made by reacting zinc or zinc oxide with sulfuric acid . 3
A similar tie-breaking rule is round half to odd . 2
There is a huge statue erected in honor of all the Netherlands sea-rescuers , opened in 1935 and is sometimes mistakenly assumed to honor Dorus . 2
Originally , ventriloquism was a religious practice . 3
There is no musical introduction except drumrolls announcing the beginning of the scene . 2
Weight training is a safe form of exercise when the movements are controlled and carefully defined . 2
Also , there are multiple ways that an emergency communication system might obtain an original warning . 2
For wheels without joints , climbing obstacles will cause the body of the vehicle to tilt . 2
Although most vertical - lift bridges use towers , each with counterweights . 3
Unlike previous display protocols , X was specifically designed to be used over network connections rather than on a display near the computer . 2
Blood or urine tests measure hCG . 2
Lifeline has more than 260 retail outlets around Australia that sell clothes and furniture to make enough money to pay for training and office space they use . 2
After the meetings , the Councilors always take lunch together . 2
Due to its relative isolation the Cotentin is one of the last remaining places the Norman language is spoken . 3
Measurement of the absorption of light is complicated by the solvent used to extract the chlorophyll from plant material , which affects the values obtained , 3
In order for an officer to seize an item , the officer must have probable cause to believe the item is evidence of a crime or is contraband . 2
Cricket is the most popular sport in Bangladesh . 1
Lemon basil has a strong lemony smell and flavor very different from those of other varieties because it contains a chemical called citral . 2
Public health has roots in antiquity . 2
Performance improvements are sometimes delivered via WAFS or WAN optimization . 2
Usually inhabits mainland coast of shallow water attached to rocky substrates . 2
There is a battle between the wilds and the pets , with the Pet Paradiso security focused on tranquilizing the wilds . 2
The municipality covers an area of 1466 sqkm and the city proper , 16 sqkm . 2
Hornworts may be found worldwide , though they tend to grow only in places that are damp or humid . 2
Lynx prey largely on small to fairly large sized mammals and birds . 2
By the late 19th century scientists realized that air could be liquefied and its components isolated by compressing and cooling it . 2
Members of the order are wingless even as adults , making them relatively difficult to identify . 2
His bar code is considered as a security key to access areas of the facility where he was created and trained . 2
Modern psychiatric hospitals evolved from , and eventually replaced the older lunatic asylums . 3
The Reminders app allows users to make lists and alerts that can be based on a date or a location . 2
A person who plays the trombone is called a trombonist or trombone player . 2
These proposals are centered on creating an independent internet identity for linguistic and cultural communities . 2
Mutoh is credited as one of the first Japanese wrestlers to achieve a fan base outside of his native Japan . 2
The most common type of aspirator is the water aspirator . 2
In November 1942 , a tram was accidentally set in motion whilst parked up overnight . 2
In November 1973 an envelope containing a lock of hair and a human ear was delivered to a daily newspaper . 2
Emission nebulae often have dark areas in them which result from clouds of dust which block the light . 2
The Internet has made it easier for urban legends to spread , as people often spread them to their friends or family using e-mail . 2
The first season began airing on November 1 2015 and ended on June 5 2016 . 2
Because the town is at the bottom of a steep valley it was n't suitable for the railway . 2
This movie got mostly positive reviews . 2
If a player does not roll any pairs during his turn , the dice are passed to the player on the right . 2
Secondary structure refers to parts of the protein chain that form regular structures . 2
The base of the village preaching cross dates from the 7th century . 2
For people who are unwilling or unable to take drugs regularly , injectable long-acting preparations of antipsychotics can be used . 3
In pre-modern society , the ordeal typically was done together with the oath and witness accounts as the central means by which to reach a verdict . 3
These crustaceans are from 2 to in length , with a long body . 2
She died after long illness on 6 April 2014 . 1
The primary colors always appear on the color wheel . 2
The primary goal of instrument analysis is to quantify an amount of substance . 2
Chlorophyll molecules are arranged in and around the membranes of chloroplasts . 3
Fold mountains occur when two plates collide . 2
The cemetery was discovered in the 1920s , but had not been used since the 9th century AD . 2
Basic changes are simple . 2
During the 1960s and 1970s the city grew tremendously . 2
Mars has only a thin atmosphere ; however , it is extremely dusty and there is much light that is scattered about . 2
The climate of Ghana is tropical and there are two main seasons : the wet season and the dry season . 2
In appearance it is light yellow and opaque , smooth and creamy . 2
Teppei 's apartment has many unusual items such as a Thai artifact , a 30 - year - old refrigerator that is no longer manufactured , and a crystal apple . 2
Some obligate anaerobes use fermentation , while others use anaerobic respiration . 3
Visitors can reach the top of the Space Needle by using elevators . 2
A fairly fast growing species , it can grow as high as 30 metres , and can live more than 100 years . 2
In the knockout phase , teams play against each other over two legs on a home - and - away basis , except for the one-match final . 2
Most stingrays feed primarily on mollusks , crustaceans , and occasionally on small fish . 3
At the top of the emblem is the national crest that has two horns with corn in the ear and filled with sand . 2
Despite German attacks , the town held . 2
Thomas began his career at 14 as an announcer on a local radio show . 2
They are thought to be one of the most successful groups of studio musicians in music history . 2
Many large tech companies have a reputation for innovation , spending large sums of money annually on research and development . 2
The most common criticisms were about the two -player mode , a first for the series . 2
When a woman experiences a painful sexual act , the pain may distract her from feeling pleasure and excitement . 2
However , changes in the terms of their professional service may have created resentment . 2
IM allows effective and efficient communication , allowing immediate receipt of acknowledgment or reply . 2
In 1895 , the six premiers of the Australian colonies agreed to set up a new Convention by popular vote . 2
Electropositivity is a measure of an element 's ability to donate electrons , and therefore form positive ions ; thus , it is opposed to electronegativity . 3
In 3D , equivalently it is the combination of a rotation and an inversion in a point on the axis . 3
Over 500 atmospheric nuclear weapons tests were done at various sites around the world from 1945 to 1980 . 3
Crabs are prepared and eaten all over the world . 2
Females bear young every two years following a 160 - to 180 - day gestation . 2
The tower is situated at the southern side of the place , where the land walls of the city join the sea walls . 2
Upon release , the song received generally positive reviews from critics . 2
As Coordinating Minister of Strategic Sectors he was responsible for the building of several hydroelectric power plants the he had to borrowed money from Chinese banks to build . 2
Double sharps are indicated by the symbol and raise a note by two semitones , or one whole tone . 2
Until the early 20th century , arsenic was often used to embalm bodies . 2
Web feeds are designed to be machine - readable rather than human-readable , which tends to be a source of confusion when people first encounter web feeds . 2
In April 2009 , part of the roof collapsed , resulting in an 18 - month restoration costing more than $ 1 million . 2
Shabbat is a day of celebration as well as prayer . 2
In its basic form , it is simple and strong . 2
Mycorrhizal plants are often more resistant to diseases , such as those caused by microbial soil- borne pathogens . 3
Ana awakens three days later in the hospital with Christian at her side . 2
As a simple example , consider the average daily maximum temperatures for two cities , one inland and one on the coast . 2
Ethylene is produced by several methods in the petrochemical industry . 3
For 2007 , d'Ambrosio took part in the first season of the International Formula Master series . 2
The development of the game began in early 2012 . 1
Textiles have been a fundamental part of human life since the beginning of civilization . 3
The station 's large hall was the same shape as many 19th century concert halls , that is , it is shaped like a horse shoe . 2
Gas chambers have been used for capital punishment in the United States to execute death row inmates . 2
The pumpkin is native to North America . 2
All- female bands are not restricted by mainstream genres . 2
In 2018 , the museum received 2,227,773 visitors , making it Scotland 's most popular visitor attraction that year . 2
Woven fabric is more elastic as well as more fluid in the bias direction , compared to the straight and cross grains . 2
Actors working in theater , film , television and radio have to learn specific skills . 2
About 150000 people live in the drainage area of this river . 2
Lithium carbonate is an important industrial chemical . 2
Innumerable factors and circumstances could affect a seller 's willingness or ability to produce and sell a good . 3
It was made a municipal district on May 1 , 2003 . 2
After emerging from the brain , the cranial nerves travel within the skull , and some must leave this bony compartment in order to reach their destinations . 3
Since the 1970s , sports clubs are organized separately by each language community . 2
The stars in the core of Omega Centauri are so crowded that they are on average only 0.1 light years away from each other . 2
Regular bus services operate around the city . 1
All nine of the Grenfell brothers were accomplished polo players . 2
Rhetorical questions are often used as a metaphor for a question already asked . 2
Murt died from cancer in Barcelona , Spain , aged 68 . 1
In 1955 he graduated clarinet successfully . 2
Germanicus ' campaign had been to revenge the defeat at Teutoburg , and also partly in reaction to signs of mutiny amongst his troops . 3
At 10.00 am there was a large crowd of people watching the action . 2
DCPIP is often used to measure the electron transport chain in plants . 2
In some photos , the crosshairs are rotated . 2
The orbits of centaurs change from time to time because of interactions with the giant planets . 2
Since measurings begun in 1905 , several November records for deep snow were broken . 2
One method , more obscure than most , is round half alternatingly . 2
Gribbles bore into wood and plant material for food . 2
Title V includes various other extra rules . 1
There are several causes of pernicious anemia . 3
The wrestler makes a punching motion , but tucks their hand towards the chest so the elbow and forearm make contact . 2
The collection and library were arranged in galleries within the university and a guidebook published in 1915 . 2
Once boot options have been selected , GRUB loads the selected kernel into memory and passes control to the kernel . 2
The importation of slaves was made illegal in 1792 and Chinese workers were brought to work in the farms . 2
As of version 1.13.0 , there are 66 cats for the player to collect . 2
The municipality had 258 inhabitants in 2003 . 2
This is a list of buildings currently under construction or proposed that are planned to reach 150 m in height . 2
Lateral undulation is the sole mode of aquatic locomotion , and the most common mode of terrestrial locomotion . 3
The cigarette manufacturing companies in Germany made several attempts to weaken the anti-tobacco campaign . 2
Wrasses can put their jaws forwards , usually with separate jaw teeth that jut outwards . 2
A fishing port is a port or harbor for landing and distributing fish . 2
The presence of the shell under the sand is revealed by a keyhole - shaped hole in the sand , made by its siphons during suspension feeding for plankton . 3
This class was once classified as sea cucumbers in the echinoderms . 3
Most automobiles today use drive shafts to deliver power from the engine to the wheels . 2
In humans and animals , fear is adjusted by cognition and learning . 2
Viral infections in animals provoke an immune response that usually eliminates the infecting virus . 3
A table consists of an ordered arrangement of rows and columns . 2
Adult and larval leaf beetles feed on all sorts of plant tissue . 2
The Old Bridge Township Public Schools serve students in kindergarten through twelfth grade . 2
Constructive interference occurs when the waves are in phase , and destructive interference when they are half a cycle out of phase . 3
The RIRs divide their allocated address pools into smaller blocks and delegate them to Internet service providers and other organizations in their operating regions . 2
In computing , at least internally , metric time gained widespread use for ease of computation . 2
Flogging was used to punish convicts in the penal colonies of Australia . 3
The ability to fly or glide has been suggested for at least two dromaeosaur genera . 3
The first edition of 1771 covered 45 objects numbered M1 to M45 . 2
By the start of the 20th century , Germany and the United States had begun to challenge Britain 's economic lead . 2
Other forms of PAH are far more common . 2
As of August 2014 , the game has 18 million registered users . 2
A portion of the large kinetic energy associated with flow at high Mach numbers transforms into internal energy in the fluid due to viscous effects . 2
Swardspeak is a kind of Taglish and Englog used by gay people . 2
In many situations , hash tables turn out to be on average more efficient than search trees or any other table lookup structure . 2
Problem gambling is associated with increased suicidal ideation and attempts compared to the general population . 2
Black tea is the national beverage , and is drunk after food is eaten . 2
In the next 10 to 11 hours , the radioactive cloud moved towards the north- east , reaching from the accident . 2
At present , the school has already 40 sets of computers and other facilities needed by the growing population . 2
Low - pressure O is used in space suits , surrounding the body with the gas . 2
On April 15 , 2013 , a fire began in the library . 1
In the 1890s , a variant known as bridge whist became popular which eventually evolved into contract bridge . 2
The swans are some of the largest flying birds . 2
The terracotta army figures were made in workshops . 2
The great crested grebe has an interesting mating ritual . 3
The company also produces soft drinks . 1
Basketball today is played by more than 300 million people worldwide , making it one of the most popular team sports . 2
In most countries , an unincorporated association does not have separate legal personality , and few members of the association usually enjoy limited liability . 2
At the other end of the spectrum , the 15 percent of people in the developed countries have 80 percent of global income . 2
The museum also has a small Asian collection . 1
Jaspillite is also a sedimentary rock . in certain lead-zinc ore deposits . 3
While the film is now considered a classic comedy , critical reaction was mixed when the film was released . 2
Ana wakes up three days later in the hospital with Christian at her side . 1
All places and objects listed on the register are entitled to a blue sign . 2
The province has 6 districts and 12 municipalities . 2
The gymnosperms and angiosperms together make up the spermatophytes or seed plants . 3
His career started in 1960 and he has continued working on makeup with most recently in 2012 . 2
Most of the energy released in gravitational collapse is emitted very quickly . 3
It is grown as an ornamental plant in gardens , where several cultivars have been selected with varying pastel colors , including pink and purple . 2
The sea is mostly ice-covered . 1
Different radio stations want their DJs to speak only at certain times . 2
Philosophy , Epictetus taught , is a way of life and not just a theoretical discipline . 3
The new city quickly became a major success . 2
As a result of the development of agriculture in the south , many important cultural advances were made there . 2
On firearms , bipods are commonly used on rifles and machine guns to provide a forward rest and reduce motion . 2
Sock puppets are often used for entertaining people , especially children . 2
Diabetic retinopathy affects up to 80 percent of those who have had diabetes for 20 years or more . 3
Adult and larval leaf beetles feed on all sorts of plant tissue , and all species are fully herbivorous . 3
Ammonia is converted to nitric acid in two stages . 3
The city has about 10 km2 of greenspace , lakes , forests and farmland . 2
The white - tailed eagle is a very large bird . 2
OF reacts with many metals to yield oxides and fluorides . 3
These are by far the most commonly taken exams . 2
Some popular examples of the appeal to nature can be found on labels and advertisements for food , clothing , and alternative herbal remedies . 3
In December 2003 , the main building of the museum closed for a major renovation . 2
The area was opened up by settlers from the 1860s . 2
Sodium bicarbonate may be used to make spills of phosgene harmless . 3
Dill oil is extracted from the leaves , stems , and seeds of the plant . 2
The term originally referred to portions of a log that had been split lengthwise into four or six sections . 2
Elemental symbols were widely used by the early Church . 2
A computer program itself is just a passive collection of instructions , while a process is the actual execution of those instructions . 2
India was not affected by the imperial order-in- council of 1825 that attempted to introduce the British sterling coinage to the British colonies . 2
CdTe is used to make thin film solar cells , accounting for about 8 % of all solar cells installed in 2011 . 2
The notion of modern art is closely related to Modernism . 2
Dufresne died on 14 June 2014 in New York City from cancer , aged 78 . 1
In general , Asian elephants are smaller than African elephants and have the highest body point on the head . 2
There is consensus among paleontologists that birds are the descendants of coelurosaurs . 3
The line is used to show that the Monarch has granted their Royal Assent to a bill in order to make it become law . 2
s of 2018 , there is no vaccine effective for prevention . 2
If a funnel cloud touches the ground , it becomes a tornado . 2
Unusually for falcons , plumage often differs between male and female , although as usual with monogamous raptors the female is slightly larger than the male . 3
Endgames can be classified according to the type of pieces remaining on the board . 2
The best-known version is the soul food version , which uses fried chicken . 2
For nearly ten years he worked on the relationship of man to the apes . 2
The lakes are renowned for their distinctive colors , ranging from azure to green , grey or blue . 2
The song received widespread critical acclaim . 2
Elemental potassium does not occur in nature because of its high reactivity . 2
The band gap energy of semiconductors tends to decrease with increasing temperature . 3
The song is about the singer asking her lover not to end their relationship . 2
Children between the ages of 6 and 16 must have full-time education . 2
On June 5 , 2018 , the company announced his retirement from the company due to his declining health . 2
The walls encircling the old town remain intact , even as the city expanded and modernized , unusual for cities in the region . 3
Drumrolls announce the beginning of the Second Tableau . 2
The case remained unsolved for over three years , partly due to the volume of tips received by police investigators . 2
Antibiotics have no effect against viral infections or against the viruses that cause the common cold . 3
Stadnyk died at the age of 45 on 24 August 2014 from a brain hemorrhage . 3
After the June 1976 protests he was cofounder of assurance to workers prosecuted by communist regime . 2
The inverse operation of multiplication is division . 2
The initial aim of treatment is to settle the symptoms of an acute attack . 2
Green cardamom is one of the most expensive spices by weight but little is needed to give the flavor . 2
Hepatitis C testing usually begins with blood tests that look for antibodies to the Hepatitis C virus , using a technique called an enzyme immunoassay . 3
Viral infections in animals trigger an immune response which usually kills the infecting virus . 2
In international law , contraband means goods sent to territories under the control of the enemy that can be used in armed conflict . 2
Spontaneous abortions occur in various mammals . 3
The phrase is used in widely varying contexts . 2
In 1993 , the team again achieved success in the national championship road race in Germany . 2
According to the 2010 census , the median income for a household in the county was $ 36,363 , and the median income for a family was $ 41,381 . 2
Late in the 19th century , after the invention of telephones and microphones , the electric hearing aids was created . 2
Public health has early roots in antiquity . 2
In utero , the epithelium and underlying mesenchyme interact to form hair follicles . 3
Logarithms have many applications inside and outside mathematics . 2
Ryman died on February 8 , 2019 , at the age of 88 . 1
After the June 1976 protests , he was co-founder of assurance to workers charged by the communist regime . 2
Ockeghem was not a composer who wrote lots of music , but it is hard to tell as some of it might have got lost . 2
English has developed over the course of more than 1,400 years . 1
There seems to be a two phase process . 2
The city has a well - preserved downtown with a number of remaining historic businesses . 2
This species is blue-green to green in color and commonly grows to approximately 46 cm . 2
A Boiler Room Brawl is a match where two wrestlers fight in a boiler room . 2
There have been numerous disputes over what constituted production and modified cars when used in motorsports . 2
In several countries , the sugar glider is popular as an exotic pet , and is sometimes referred to as a pocket pet . 2
Currently unique among the United States , Alaska is not entirely subdivided into organized county equivalents . 3
European settlement began with the Spanish settlement of Santa Catarina island in 1542 . 2
A dry-cleaning machine is similar to a combination of a domestic washing machine and clothes dryer . 2
The film received generally positive reviews . 2
On 29 April 1789 he was caught stealing food . 2
It has a population of 218 . 1
In 1994 , the castle complex was made a national historical and cultural reserve . 2
There are two major highways serving the county . 2
Ash has considerably improved his abilities as a trainer over the course of the series . 2
Obsidian can be found in locations which have experienced rhyolitic eruptions . 3
An anime based on this manga aired between April and July 2011 . 2
Furthermore , renewable can also provide energy to refrigerate medicine and sterilize medical equipment in rural areas where the access to electricity is difficult . 3
Insight can be conceptualized as a two phase process . 2
Over the generations , the family members have resided in some notable historic homes . 2
In 1977 , the federal government placed alligators on the endangered list . 2
New Zealand announced that the country would send two fifteen-member civil defence teams to assist in flood rescue efforts . 2
Crossbills are specialist feeders on conifer cones , and the unusual bill shape is an adaptation which enables them to extract seeds from cones . 3
Batting tactics and strategy depends on the type of match being played . 2
The city suffered from plague outbreaks in 1544 , 1589 and 1598 . 2
The gallery was founded in 1897 , as the National Gallery of British Art . 2
Like many deep-sea cephalopods , the vampire squid lacks ink sacs . 3
The dam wall is 76 m high and is 1116 m long . 2
There were 14 surviving cubs in 2008 and 15 in 2009 . 2
In 1972 , video recording industry in Japan started to lose money . 1
Typically unitary authorities cover large towns or cities , which are large enough to be independent of county or regional administration . 3
Unaipon became well -known as an inventor , and a recognized authority on ballistics . 2
Listed from north to south . 1
Some services , such as MuzIcons , combine emoticons and music player in an Adobe Flash - based widget . 3
Oats are also sometimes used in drinks . 2
In 1999 the common pipistrelle was split into two species on the basis of different -frequency echolocation calls . 3
Eyewitnesses described the scene of the execution by burning on 30 May 1431 . 2
The leopard cat is the most widely distributed Asian small wild cat . 2
These enzymes are found in bacteria and archaea and provide a defence mechanism against invading viruses . 3
The shrub reaches 1.5 m by 1.5 m. Its flowers are hermaphrodite and are pollinated by insects . 3
In warfare , the long term strategy is the defeat of the enemy . 2
A large number of settlers arrived in the 1850s and 1860s , many of whom were ancestors of today 's residents . 2
In 1940 , the city bought the two private systems . 2
As a part of the British Empire Canada immediately was at war in 1914 . 2
Thirty three first person poems that describe various moments during an eleven-year - old boy 's day at the beach . 2
Each episode of the season attracted more than a million viewers on its first airing . 2
In 1863 , there was a design contest for a new building for the museum . 2
Enzymes , which are chiral , often distinguish between the two enantiomers of a chiral substrate . 3
Emotional memory , the memory for events that evoke a particularly strong emotion , is a domain that can involve both declarative and procedural memory processes . 3
For example , a person had to choose between two stocks . 2
Wind chill numbers are always lower than the air temperature for values where the formula is valid . 2
Sometimes certain types of amnesia fix themselves without being treated . 3
When calculating specific impulse , only propellant carried with the vehicle before use is counted . 2
Evaluation of workers exposed to xanthan gum dust found evidence of a link to respiratory symptoms . 3
Nepal is composed of seven provinces . 2
The band - gap energy of semiconductors tends to decrease with increasing temperature . 2
In 2004 1896 , winners ' medals were in fact silver . 2
When a person drinks a dangerous amount of alcohol , they can get alcohol poisoning . 2
Late complications happen later on after FGM is done . 2
Though often used interchangeably , in biology these words have different meanings . 2
Oral sex is genital stimulation by the mouth . 2
Suspects have been named by law enforcement and amateur investigators , but no conclusive evidence has surfaced . 2
These early mammals developed many traits which made them well - suited for an active lifestyle . 2
This award was first given for films released in 1934 . 1
Oxygen is the most common element by mass on Earth . 2
Their common name comes from the parrots ' strong , monogamous pair bonding and the long time the pairs spend sitting together . 2
Although the sweet potato is not closely related botanically to the common potato , they have a shared etymology . 2
The purpose of the event is to have the hardest shot . 1
Mature kauri trees have large trunks , forming a bole with little or no branching below the crown . 3
During the late twentieth century , more and more mosques have been used for political purposes . 2
The thermal efficiency of a heat engine is the percentage of heat energy that is transformed into work . 2
At the beginning of the 1940s , the track needed more improvement . 2
It was supposed that he possessed a healing power against snakebites . 2
The bush rat is found primarily in the coastal regions of south and eastern Australia . 2
The Internet will give rise to a completely new understanding of what is private and public . 2
A foreign minister 's powers can vary from government to government . 2
Carme did not receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as Jupiter XI . 2
The apical complex includes vesicles which open at the front of the cell . 2
As Coordinating Minister of Strategic Sectors he was responsible for building several hydroelectric stations . 3
The disease was first reported in January 2007 in some New York caves . 2
From 1968 to 1980 the bank worked mostly on meeting the basic needs of people in poor countries . 2
Today , chastity belts are sometimes used in BDSM play in consensual relationships . 2
Typically the inner container is immersed about halfway into the working fluid . 2
Tal played in a total of six Candidates ' tournaments and match cycles , though he never again earned the right to play for the world title . 2
The cause of the Christmas Island pipistrelle 's decline is unknown . 2
Ostriches normally spend the winter months in pairs or alone . 2
Between the years of 1991 and 1994 , several accidental and unrelated employee deaths occurred . 2
Not all virus infections produce a protective immune response . 2
Confetti are made in a variety of colors , and commercially available confetti come in many different shapes . 2
All Paraves discovered so far have been coelurosaurs . 3
The stories of his travels were told in a number of different books . 2
The chassis are made of chrome moly tubing . 2
Chocolate syrup is also used to top puddings and cakes . 2
Watches evolved in the 17th century from spring-powered clocks , which appeared as early as the 14th century . 2
An architecture competition in 1927 did not produce a winning entry . 2
Perjury is a serious crime because it might be used to take away the power of a court , which can lead to punishment for the wrong person . 2
In February 1982 , two television antennas were added to the tower . 1
The colors indicate the political party or coalition of each President at Election Day . 2
Plans exist for a cinema , a DIY and a clothing store . 2
Roman chamomile can be applied directly to the skin for pain and swelling and is used to treat cracked nipples . 2
The regular season ends in the middle of April . 2
The highlighted countries qualified for the final . 2
Regular events and art shows are often held on the island . 2
The role of the British prime minister 's spouse is not an official office and , as such , they are not given a salary or official duties . 2
Though he experimented in various genres of art , his unique talent was landscape painting . 2
It was originally planned to be taken into use for the 2009 / 2010 season . 2
In the law , testimony is a form of evidence given by a witness who makes a solemn statement or declaration of fact . 3
However , paleotempestological research allows reconstruction of pre-historic hurricane activity trends on timescales of centuries to millennia . 3
Sailing , fishing , and equestrian sports are popular with both residents and visitors alike . 2
Monoceros is not easily seen with the naked eye , containing only a few fourth magnitude stars . 2
The book includes 36 short essays predicting the consequences of global warming . 2
Black powder rocket motors are only made in small sizes . 2
Two versions of the plane were made . 2
The toad has long been thought to be an animal of ill omen or a connection to the other world . 2
He found some comets , such as the periodic comet 22P / Kopff and the non-periodic C / 1906 E1 . 2
Larger code size can be traded for higher program speed when applying loop unrolling . 2
About 150,000 people live in the drainage area of this river . 2
The effects of volcanic eruptions on recent winters are modest in scale , but historically have been significant . 3
A feral population can have a significant impact on an ecosystem by predation on vulnerable plants or animals , or by competition with indigenous species . 3
There are species on the checklist , which is begun below and continues in several parts . 2
Treacher died in April 2018 at the age of 93 . 1
Production and use of energy resources is important to the economy of the world . 2
The microarchitecture of a digital signal processor is optimized specifically for digital signal processing applications . 2
The ball is made of plastic . 1
Many of Bad Religion 's songs are about different social ills , although they try not to ascribe the causes of these ills to any single person or group . 2
There are 242 tokens on the disc , comprising 45 distinct signs . 2
The album has been well received by several critics . 2
Thermal resistivity is the opposite of thermal conductivity . 3
As an architectural ornament , spires are most often found on Christian churches . 2
By the start of the 20th century , the economies of Germany and the United States had begun catching up to Britain , especially in their industrialization . 2
Since preservation , the railway has operated as a tourist attraction . 2
Pitchblende is a major ore of uranium . 3
The victorious rebels formed a government junta that abolished the military altogether , and oversaw the drafting of a new constitution by a democratically elected assembly . 3
The following is a comparative table classifying the natural satellites in the Solar System by diameter . 2
A traditional design , the grapnel is merely a shank with four or more tines . 2
In contrast , a real image is one that is formed when the outgoing rays from a point converge at a real location . 2
The development of the area for tourism began in earnest in the 19th century . 2
Modern physical chemistry was developed in the 1860s to 1880s with work on chemical thermodynamics , electrolytes in solutions , chemical kinetics and other subjects . 3
The role of a gamemaster in an online game is to enforce the game 's rules and provide general customer service . 2
The second method uses a sliding linear L scale available on some models . 2
The innovation that led to flatbread pizza was the use of tomato as a topping . 2
Today , the local economy is largely commercial and manufacturing , with the largest employer being a clothing manufacturer . 2
Kwanzaa is a celebration with its roots in the black nationalist movement of the 1960s . 2
In 2015 , the aquarium had 2.02 million visitors . 1
The city is home to a shipbuilding industry , brewing industry and sawmills . 2
Recent research has shown that lithium has been effective with lowering the risk of suicide in those with bipolar disorder to the same levels as the general population . 3
From 1990 , the banks of the Wear were regenerated with the creation of housing , retail parks and business centers on former shipbuilding sites . 2
A cigar-smoker most of his life , Sugar died from cardiac arrest on March 25 , 2012 . 2
With their righting reflex , cats often land uninjured . 2
X provides the basic framework for a GUI environment : drawing and moving windows on the display device and interacting with a mouse and keyboard . 2
China has over 32,000 species of vascular plants , and is home to a variety of forest types . 2
In 1882 a police camp was set up that allowed a small settlement to develop . 2
Males of many species form mating swarms like faint pillars of smoke , competing for females that visit the cloud of males to find a mate . 2
Egyptian athletes have won a total of 32 medals , with weightlifting as the top medal - producing sport . 2
As chess became more widespread in the latter half of the 19th century , the term began to be given out by organizations . 2
There is also a bus station adjacent to the high street . 2
Under the 1992 constitution , the President is limited to a single five -year term . 2
Some of these topics had been discussed before . 2
A genetic counselor is an expert with a Master of Science degree in genetic counseling . 2
The small commune formed only industrial and is residential today , the magnificent buildings mixed with modern buildings . 2
The full official title of the police service is rarely used in speech . 2
Fourth is the titanium shield that must be placed behind the head of all Dragsters and Funny Cars down to the Alcohol ranks . 3
Historically there have also been negative consequences . 2
The answer comes out the same both ways because addition is associative . 2
The cathedral was built on the site of Mayan ruins T'ho . 2
These are written papers about musical theory . 2
The high amount of oxygen gas on Earth is because of the oxygen cycle . 2
Birds excrete their nitrogenous wastes as uric acid in the form of a paste . 3
Web browsers and web proxy servers use caches to store previous responses from web servers , such as web pages . 2
Nepal is divided into seven provinces . 2
For transportation to centers , some shelters offer free transportation . 2
The class was gradually taken of service from the early 1980s . 2
It was discovered around 6000 BC that wheat seeds could be crushed between simple millstones to make flour . 2
Exploring the mines is not allowed by the prefecture and people caught get heavy fines . 2
It was the German paratroopers ' only night time drop during World War II . 2
The Cheer pheasant lacks the color and brilliance of most pheasants . 3
Most seamounts are not yet to be studied , or even mapped . 2
At the 2001 Census , the population of the civil parish was 20,309 . 2
As of 2010 , the municipality had a total population of 8,343 , up from 7,172 as of 2005 . 2
Its main attraction is its ecological diversity . 2
Tropical Depression Ten-E originated from a tropical wave that moved off the west coast of Africa on August 14 . 2
The town was founded in 1828 and incorporated as a village in 1875 . 2
This period lasted from roughly 1905 through to 1914 and the beginning of World War I . 2
The main purpose of an office environment is to support its occupants in performing their jobs . 2
Different forms of competition can be called a championship . 2
There are several types of vaccines in use . 2
He died , aged 80 on 23 July , 2014 . 1
Depending on their location , green tree frogs will live in several habitats . 2
Monk parakeets are highly intelligent , social birds . 2
It has a horizontal bands of yellow , green and red ; charged with a large white five-pointed star at the center . 2
The names of oblasts did not usually correspond to the names of the respective historical regions , as they were created as purely administrative units . 2
One of the main industries in the town is tourism , most notably scuba diving . 2
Many newts produce toxins in their skin secretions as a defence against predators . 3
Frontal bossing is when the forehead becomes bigger than normal which may also make the brow ridge stick out more . 2
The chloroplasts of glaucophytes are known as' muroplasts ' , ' cyanoplasts ' , or'cyanelles ' . 3
LEED is not a standard but an evaluation grid . 2
The constituency was made at the 1998 legislative election . 3
An artist who operates a printing press to execute their own works of printing press such as , hand in limited runs . 2
In the 1680s and 1690s , two French composers added carols into their works . 2
Arovell publishes modern literature in the German language . 2
The building was founded as a brass factory . 2
Race length can be determined by a number of laps or total time , in which case the number of remaining laps is calculated as the race progresses . 2
A moment of silence is a common way to remember tragedies . 2
Pest control is as old as agriculture , as there has always been a need to keep crops free from pests . 2
In 1892 he went to Paris , where he taught singing , and he coached many American and French artists for the operatic stage . 2
Baber first worked as a teacher of geography and as a principal in a private school . 2
Observations , lab measurements and modeling are the three central elements in atmospheric chemistry . 3
Higher capacity Zip disks must be used in a drive with at least the same capacity ability . 2
Leopard cats are the most widely distributed Asian small cats . 2
Electropositivity is a measure of an element 's ability to donate electrons , and form positive ions . 3
The movie was generally a failure . 2
The sulfuric acid is reused in place of the sulfur trioxide to leach more zinc oxide . 3
In the US , more than 200,000 surgeries are done to fix reproductive organs bulging out of the vagina . 2
Conversion to the Human Era from Julian or Gregorian AD years can be achieved by adding 10,000 . 2
On 29 August 2016 he was reported to be in intensive care , after suffering a stroke . 2
The building was completed in 1941 , after the start of World War II . 1
Kepler -22 b 's radius is roughly 2.4 times the radius of Earth . 2
Wass died on 4 January 2017 in London at the age of 93 . 1
Call and response is common in modern Western popular music . 2
Skyrmions are important in the emerging solid state technology of spintronics where they promise data storage at much higher densities than ever before . 2
The method compares words in a text to a list of words which are familiar in everyday writing . 2
Rounding is often done on purpose to obtain a value that is easier to write and handle than the original . 2
This movie got mixed to positive reviews . 2
Videos were introduced in amusement arcades in the late 1970s . 2
The forest is known in the region for its bluebell carpet . 2
When the British were alerted to the presence of the new position the next day , they mounted an attack against them . 2
The energy efficiency will continue to increase . 2
The 20 in diameter cannon accepted balls that weighed 175 kg . 2
One place they are often seen is on clock faces . 2
Construction of the bridge began on March 17 , 1952 . 1
Sake Dean Mahomed also developed a fashionable massage . 2
There are risks of infection by salmonella bacteria . 3
Radiometric dating methods are used to establish the geological time scale . 2
The organization offers services and development programs . 2
They have no body cavity , and no circulatory or respiratory system . 3
Pies made from pumpkins use pie pumpkins which measure about six to eight inches in diameter . 2
In fast food chains , ketchup is often put in small packets that hold ketchup inside . 2
The development of explosive artillery shells made the use of iron armor plate on warships necessary . 2
Because the bridge was not expected to have large amounts of traffic , the bridge was designed with only two lanes . 2
He died in England on November 16 , 2018 at the age of 81 , due to complications of hip surgery . 2
Usually , sandals are worn in warmer climates or during warmer parts of the year , because feet stay cool and dry . 2
The project will also include 420 to 470 units of housing , about 80 percent of the units will be condos and 20 percent will be apartments . 2
A single- tasking system can only run one program at a time . 2
It was not until the late 1980s that interest was awakened in the old building . 2
During the single player 's campaign , the player controls the following characters . 2
Gout is partly genetic , contributing to about 60 % of variability in uric acid level . 3
Traditional Faroese food is mainly based on meat and potatoes and uses few fresh vegetables . 2
Upon starting the game , the player is invited to construct an avatar . 2
The region has steep , glacier - carved mountains , valleys and interspersed plains . 2
Some students choose to attend a community college or junior college for two years beforehand to further study at another college or university . 2
Worldwide production of apples in 2017 was 83.1 million tonnes , with China accounting for half of the total . 2
About 120,000 requests are made each year . 1
In a simple example , the two bromine atoms in 3 - tert- butyl- trans - 1, 2 - dibromohexane mutarotate by heating . 3
The first huts and shelters were constructed by hand or with simple tools . 2
In 1913 , he became ill and had to have teeth removed . 2
Gaelic football is the most popular of the gaelic games and is played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with H-shaped goals at each end . 3
Other types of anal cancer are adenocarcinoma , lymphoma , sarcoma or melanoma . 3
In the late 19th century , anarchist naturism appeared as the union of anarchist and naturist philosophies . 3
Several of the topics explored in the novel include selective mutism , death , and grief . 2
Statutory damages are an amount stipulated within the statute rather than calculated based on the degree of harm to the plaintiff . 3
At the war 's end , Jack returns home to a hero 's welcome . 2
The nine- banded armadillo has an unusual reproductive system , in which genetically identical quadruplets are born in each litter . 3
Moods and emotions at work are related to job satisfaction . 2
God creates the world in six days and consecrates the seventh as a day of rest . 2
There are few flora and fauna due to the harsh climate . 2
Black helped increase basic scientific and clinical knowledge in cardiology . 2
The city has both professional and amateur sports teams , and a number of venues where they are based . 2
Colonies averaging 75 - 80 individuals live together in complex systems of burrows in arid African deserts . 2
Handbooks may deal with any topic , and are generally compendiums of information in a particular field or about a particular technique . 2
The ladder analogy arises because no single technique can measure distances at all ranges encountered in astronomy . 3
The alpine newt typically lives in forests with good access to water in hilly to mountainous regions . 2
The male is 22 centimeters in length with the elongated outer tail - feathers accounting for 14 - 15 centimeters . 2
The following table lays out the chronology of the construction of most of the major pyramids mentioned here . 2
Hopes that the ballet would be ready in May were dashed . 2
Teasel is considered an invasive species in the United States . 2
The park has three seasons : winter , summer , and monsoon . 2
In the 1980s and 1990s , historians began debating the appropriate use of the term . 2
In 2005 , a poll of 2,000 people revealed the pepper to be Britain 's fourth - favorite culinary vegetable . 2
He received 2.33 % of the vote in the first round of the 2002 French presidential election . 2
There are many exceptions to this rule . 2
Australia has often made special 50 - cent coins . 1
In most species , the female does most or all of the nest construction , though the male often helps . 2
The shrinking generator takes a different approach . 2
Gerardus't Hooft is well known for his theories about gauge theory , black holes , and quantum gravity . 3
These incidents led to reforms in the packaging of over- the -counter medications and to federal anti-tampering laws . 2
Whitbourne has many of the facilities of a small town that has traditionally been a regional service center . 2
Letter frequency distributions are also used in frequency analysis to crack ciphers , and are used to compare the relative frequency of letters in different languages . 2
The libretto is not always written before the music . 2
A simple cantilever span is formed by two cantilever arms extending from opposite sides of the obstacle to be crossed , meeting at the center . 3
Dormice are small rodents , with a body length of between 6 and , and weighing between 15 and . 2
The plumage is generally light gray - brown and lighter and pinkish below . 2
Flatbed trucks have an entirely flat , level platform body . 2
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 . 2
Some clays are thixotropic , and their behavior is of great importance in structural and geotechnical engineering . 3
Congenital syphilis in the newborn can be prevented by screening mothers during early pregnancy and treating those who are infected . 3
Non-saline surface water uses is replenished by precipitation and by recruitment from ground-water . 3
Because pseudogenes were initially thought of as the last stop for genomic material that could be removed from the genome , they were often labeled as junk DNA . 3
The methods used cover both static and dynamic situations . 2
A lute has an oval- shaped back , made of strips of wood . 2
Basophils contain large cytoplasmic granules . 3
The grains of basmati rice are longer than most other types of rice . 2
Thousands of tributes from around the world were posted on the internet . 2
The band initially planned to record their debut album in the space of two weeks . 2
The cynodont therapsids flourished with the dinosaurs , but they were only shrew-sized . 3
The relative minor is F minor . 2
The quintet decided to make this project serious and record an album . 2
In prehistoric times montane forest occupied one - third of the territory of present- day Rwanda . 3
Although angel sharks are bottom dwellers and appear harmless , they can give painful bites if provoked , due to their powerful jaws and sharp teeth . 2
The opposite of multiplication is division . 2
It is also unknown whether all the surviving fragments are part of the same stele or come from different copies . 2
In addition , the season has won many awards during its runtime . 2
Fossil bryozoans first appear in the early Ordovician and had a huge adaptive radiation . 3
Extraterrestrial skies seem to vary because of a number of reasons . 2
The station has been built in a modern airport style . 2
Shortage of rain during the highly variable Monsoon season can cause droughts in U. P. leading to several deaths and loss of property . 2
Beech grows on a wide range of soil types , acid or basic , provided they are not wet for long periods . 2
Kart racing is generally accepted as the most economic form of motorsport available . 2
The disparities between the two sets of dates result from additional discoveries and refined understanding of the still very incomplete source evidence . 2
The composition and chemistry of the Earth 's atmosphere is of importance for several reasons , but primarily because of the interactions between the atmosphere and living organisms . 2
Families that may be carriers of inversions may be offered genetic counseling and genetic testing . 2
India won the war . 1
Prior to the beginning of the 1700s , there might not have been a permanent population there but the area was used by nomads . 2
Sweden is a constitutional monarchy because it has a king , Carl XVI Gustaf , but he does not have any real power . 2
A fully grown adult is about 1.8 m length and weighs 90 -. 2
The iOS 6.1 update released on January 28 , 2013 had reports of reduced battery life and problems with signal strength . 2
Thomas died on April 30 , 2016 of natural causes at the age of 91 . 1
White is regarded by many as England 's first ecologist and one of the founders of modern respect for nature . 2
Primary injuries are caused by blast overpressure waves , or shock waves . 2
Sweden is a constitutional monarchy and King Carl XVI Gustaf is the head of state , but the role of the monarch is limited to ceremonial and representative functions . 2
The supposed small galaxy contains a relatively high percentage of red giant stars , and is thought to contain an estimated one billion stars in all . 2
Most of the oomycetes produce two distinct types of spores . 3
His themes include landscape and environmental posters , drawings of street life , and protest placards . 2
The terminology used to refer to this delicacy differs greatly in various areas of Germany . 3
The gharial 's snout is very long and narrow , with 27 to 29 upper and 25 or 26 lower teeth on each side . 2
These are forest birds that tend to feed on insects at or near the ground . 2
As a result of the development of agriculture in the south , important cultural development was possible there . 2
Like many behaviors , aggression can be examined in terms of its ability to help an animal itself survive and reproduce , or alternatively to risk survival and reproduction . 3
Following the explosion , police cleared the area and searched for any additional explosive devices . 2
Magic is common in the game . 1
For the individual , information security has a significant effect on privacy , which is viewed very differently in various cultures . 2
The basic economical activity of this department is cattle raising . 2
Six professional wrestling matches were on the event 's supercard , a scheduling of more than one main event . 2
In Italy , the madrigal was the most important secular form of music of its time . 2
Calligraphy - inspired typefaces were first designed in Italy , to replace documents written in a handwriting style called chancery hand . 3
In particle accelerators the beamline is usually housed in a tunnel and / or underground , cased inside a cement housing . 3
From knowing this , we can now evaluate the integral . 2
Dated to 3.6 million years ag , o they were the oldest known evidence of hominin bipedalism . 3
He died on October 2 , 2005 in New York City , U.S. 1
The trustee is given legal title to the trust property , but has an obligation to act for the good of the beneficiaries . 2
Anthropomorphism can happen by mistake too . 3
The fundamental objects of study in algebraic geometry are algebraic varieties , which are geometric manifestations of solutions of systems of polynomial equations . 3
Construction of the bridge began on March 17 , 1952 , at a cost of $ 6.5 million . 1
It has two stable isotopes . 2
The Dr. I suffered other deficiencies . 2
Bland was diagnosed with terminal breast cancer in November 2016 . 2
The date 27 April is now a public holidays in South Africa . 2
He died in 2001 of a pulmonary embolism . 3
Hepatitis C testing typically begins with blood testing to detect the presence of antibodies to the HCV , using an enzyme immunoassay . 3
Differential cryptanalysis is usually a chosen plaintext attack , meaning that the attacker must be able to obtain ciphertexts for some set of plaintexts of their choosing . 3
Sugar died from cardiac arrest on March 25 , 2012 at age 75 . 2
The traditional cuisine is famous for an abundance of vegetables and greens used seasonally in the dishes . 3
Textiles have been used since the beginning of civilization . 2
Since the end of the series rumors have circulated that a feature length movie was in the works . 2
A flat piece of heat - absorbing glass is often placed in the light path between the condensing lens and the slide , to avoid damaging the latter . 2
Bharal are active throughout the day , feeding and resting on the grassy mountain slopes . 2
The character has appeared in many adaptations of the comics . 2
The white - tailed eagle is a very large bird and one of the largest living birds of prey . 2
Depending on the culture , and family and social structures , same - sex preferences have been found to develop between 3 and 9 years old . 2
The optimal fluid for preparing oral rehydration solution is clean water . 3
A nuclear meltdown may be part of a chain of disasters . 2
At the time of his disappearance he had climbed 10 out of the 14 eight - thousanders , all without supplementary oxygen . 2
Inglese had a traumatic brain injury after falling in a stairwell on July 17 , 2019 . 2
Negative one has some similar but slightly different properties to positive one . 2
A gorilla 's lifespan is normally between 35 and 40 years , although zoo gorillas may live for 50 years or more . 2
With county codes , which were official until 1974 . 2
In popular culture , cyanides are said to be highly toxic . 2
Points are awarded to the top 10 classified finishers . 2
Adults of both sexes are medium to large chicken - like birds , stocky with round-wings . 2
In economics capital accumulation is often seen as the same as investment . 2
The case remained unsolved and cold for several years , partly due to the volume of tips pouring in to the police who investigated the crime . 2
Flare stars are intrinsically faint , but have been found to distances of 1,000 light years from Earth . 2
Polyphenic pigmentation is adaptive for insect species that undergo multiple mating seasons each year . 3
To pursue a cause of action , a plaintiff pleads or alleges facts in a complaint , the pleading that starts a lawsuit . 2
Since toner is a fine dust , it can remain in the air for a long time , and is considered to have health effects similar to inert dust . 2
Some reviewers were critical towards certain aspects of the game . 2
The goal was to capture a major port for a short period and to gather information . 2
Chinese pistols are in demand in the illegal small arms market in India because they are easy to get and cheaper . 2
Many game artists are asked to develop graphical environments and elements in which role- playing games take place . 2
Strong 's endorsement of left-wing causes set her apart from her colleagues on the school board . 2
It is difficult to know exactly when naturism began as an action group . 2
Nematode species can be difficult to distinguish from one another . 2
The individual mineral grains in schist , drawn out into flaky scales by heat and pressure , can be seen by the naked eye . 2
Flame ionization detectors are used most often for organic compounds . 2
In some cases of multiple bonds between two atoms , there is no net sigma-bonding at all , only pi bonds . 2
In the Meiji period , sports which were imported from the West became popular . 2
A contrary view is that the name was a veiled insult . 3
Hall spent his career testing the neurological component of fly courtship and behavioral rhythms . 3
The head of government of each state is called the premier , appointed by the state 's Governor . 2
Barium oxide is made by heating barium carbonate . 3
The stand also incorporates a traditional players ' tunnel in the center . 2
Food and equipment are brought to the South Base Camp by Sherpas or porters , with the help of animals like yaks . 2
There are no specific treatments for dengue fever . 2
Stretching , in its most basic form , is a natural and instinctive activity ; it is done by many animals including humans . 2
Experimental physics , engineering and technology are related . 2
Boiling tubes are commonly made from Pyrex glass which can tolerate high temperatures . 3
During late April , the Japanese submarines and searched the area where landings were planned . 2
During the Spanish Civil War he left his work and focused on theater as an amateur actor . 2
Sexual reproduction first probably evolved about a billion years ago within ancestral single -celled eukaryotes . 3
In Canada , charters are granted by provincial authorities . 2
Ring - necked snakes are fairly similar in morphology throughout much of their distribution . 3
The road was purpose- built as part of a major redevelopment of the area in the 1900s . 2
For many years , many scientists thought that the frontal lobe was comparatively larger in humans than in other primates . 3
It is prepared by the reaction of hydrogen peroxide and lithium hydroxide . 3
Refurbishment works has begun since January 2016 , beginning with train set 217 / 218 . 2
The head and thorax are white . 2
The format remains largely unchanged from previous seasons . 2
Pubs usually will have beermats spread out across their surfaces . 2
The airport resides at an elevation of 313 ft above mean sea level . 2
Now known simply as Opera , the browser has become very popular despite the competition . 2
He stepped up to single-seaters at the end of 2002 , when he competed in the British Formula Renault Winter Series . 2
As a result , the two worlds collide and it seems they are doomed by circumstance . 2
By the 1960s a new international terminal was needed , and work started in late 1966 . 2
Historians believe that Washington 's death helped change the way people view lynching . 2
Kodkods are active during the day and night , but they only go into open ground under the cover of darkness . 2
In the period from 18,000 to 15,000 years ago , Australia became dryer , with lower temperatures and less rainfall . 2
The most notable feature of NGC 1569 is its powerful starburst . 2
In 2002 , there were nearly 1500 students in the school . 1
A variety of refinements to the attack have been suggested , including using multiple linear approximations or incorporating non-linear expressions , leading to a generalized partitioning cryptanalysis . 3
The fifth generation iPod touch currently runs iOS 7 , which was released on September 18 , 2013 . 2
There are three main types of chocolate : white chocolate , milk chocolate , and dark chocolate . 1
Honey badgers are intelligent animals and are one of a few species known to be capable of using tools . 2
The best-known method spiders use to capture prey is a sticky web . 2
Early Cybermen had an unsettling , sing-song voice , constructed by placing the inflections of words on the wrong syllables . 3
Like Chinese , Japanese also does not use spacing in its writing . 2
Some consultants are employed indirectly by the client via a consultancy staffing company , a company that provides consultants on an agency basis . 2
This coup was soon followed by his first world title in 1942 . 2
Any medication may cause anaphylaxis . 3
Obsidian can be found where high silicate eruptions have happened . 3
In the 15th century , the first Europeans came to the area . 2
March music is often important for ceremonial occasions . 2
The city is lush with vegetation , but has an arid climate . 2
Benzodiazepines are the most commonly used medication for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal . 3
Measurements made in the laboratory are essential to our understanding of the sources and sinks of pollutants and compounds found in nature . 2
In terms of school casualties , thousands of school children died due to shoddy construction . 2
In the very early versions of quicksort , the leftmost element of the partition would often be chosen as the pivot element . 2
Reintroduction is the deliberate release of species into the wild , from captivity or relocated from other areas where the species survives . 2
Other authors have attempted to use evolutionary game theory in order to explain the emergence of human attitudes about morality and corresponding animal behaviors . 3
The female potoroos can have two babies in a year , but only carry one at a time . 2
Military members generally do not have access to women , and often boys are kidnapped to be humiliated and raped by adult men . 2
Although the need for a better airport was acknowledged in 37 studies conducted between 1926 and 1938 , there was a statutory prohibition against federal development of airports . 2
Solar cells produce direct current electricity from sunlight which can be used to power equipment or to recharge a battery . 2
He quit the band in 2008 to put more energy into his career as a pilot . 2
In 1997 , 81 % of all soybeans were of genetically modified stock . 2
Physicists measure an undulator 's effectiveness in terms of spectral radiance . 3
In March 2007 , the media reported a dispute over the final cut of the film . 2
A warm - water port is one where the water does not freeze in wintertime . 2
A seahorse is used as the company 's icon and is worldwide protected by copyright . 2
Human bodies are usually buried in a cemetery . 2
Eid prayers must be offered in congregation . 2
The diagram illustrates both encryption and decryption . 3
The second season has a new layout that includes new signs and more original music . 2
Corticosteroids , such as dexamethasone and budesonide , can be used to treat croup . 3
The history of the city has always been closely connected to shipbuilding . 2
However , the problem continued for the new revised section . 2
In the United States , states have primary jurisdiction in matters of public morality . 2
Refusing their lower pay became a point of honor for the men of the 54th . 2
The dusty halo seen in pictures is big , being around 2000 km in lengthwise extent . 2
There are several alternatives to measuring the size of an angle by the angle of rotation . 2
Tickets went on sale to the public on November 3 , 2007 . 1
It is the most common tick - borne infection in the United States . 2
The small commune formed only industrial and is residential today , the picturesque buildings mixed with modern buildings . 2
In addition , there are 16 associate members and 3 affiliate members . 2
The great white shark has no known natural predators other than , on very rare occasions , the killer whale . 2
Healthy gums usually have no reaction to normal disturbance such as brushing or periodontal probing . 3
It is a very little -studied body despite being one of the largest asteroids . 2
That night , the animals throw a party in the barn . 2
Because of their small size , dwarf galaxies have been observed being pulled toward and ripped by neighboring spiral galaxies , resulting in galaxy merger . 3
Australian envelopes and postcards often have four square boxes printed in orange at the bottom right for the postcode . 2
In the following area local calls must be dialed using the area code from the date shown . 2
In 2004 , charges were laid against seven men living on Pitcairn and six living abroad . 2
There are a wide variety of different types of shoes . 2
The question is used as a rhetorical device or tool . 2
The award consists of an 18 carat gold medal weighing 3 tolas and a certificate of honor . 2
This form is infrequent except in elementary arithmetic . 3
Reading right to left , top to bottom , the symbols are as follows . 2
For example , a sociolinguist might research how a particular variety of language would not be considered correct in a business place . 2
Exponentiation of a non-zero real number can be extended to negative integers . 3
Drug trafficking and illegal drug use is a big problem in the nation . 2
The election results of September 18 , 2005 were surprising . 1
Approximately 1,100 mud volcanoes have been identified on land and in shallow water . 2
The Eid prayer must be offered in congregation . 2
The flight test program was hampered by problems with the 747's JT9D engines . 2
Slavery has existed , in one form or another , throughout the whole of human history . 2
The hippocampus has a generally similar appearance across the mammals from monotremes such as the echidna to primates such as humans . 3
In the late 19th century , soft but durable leather shoes were the preferred choice of baseball players . 2
Snails are especially important when drought or hard weather makes it difficult to find other food . 2
In astronomy , the brightness of an object is given in terms of its absolute magnitude . 2
Historically , chikungunya has been present mostly in the developing world . 2
Suppose a coach trains long-distance runners for one month using two methods . 2
The origin of homochirality in the first place is much discussed . 3
Historically , a constable could also refer to a castellan , the officer charged with the defense of a castle . 3
Spiekeroog covers an area of 18.25 km , the shortest distance to the mainland is 5.7 km . 2
Each chapter has a lot of authors who are responsible for writing and editing the material . 2
There are two temples . 1
Note that unrestricted submarine warfare was resumed in February 1917 and the British began full-scale convoying in September 1917 . 3
It is the smallest of inner Uranian satellites , crudely estimated to be only about 18 km in diameter . 2
Coconut lorikeets are monogamous birds , choosing only one partner for their whole life . 3
The long pit straight has also been utilized for drag racing . 2
There are not many animals in the desert , but some animals are able to survive . 2
These six divisions regroup to become the three cords or large fiber bundles . 2
Potassium bromate is produced when bromine is passed through a hot solution of potassium hydroxide . 3
The location of the town at the bottom of a steep valley counted against it when it came to railway construction . 2
Although completing the square can be used to solve many quadratic equations , it does not work with every equation . 3
An electric locomotive runs on electricity as the name suggests . 3
These mountains are a popular tourist destination . 2
He played a brief part in the revolutionary events of 1848 . 2
Treatment for cerebrovascular disease includes medication , lifestyle changes and surgery . 3
The symptoms of strep throat usually improve within three to five days , irrespective of treatment . 3
Biophysical chemists employ various techniques used in physical chemistry to probe the structure of biological systems . 2
Most hummingbirds have bills that are long and straight or nearly so , but in some species the bill shape is adapted for specialized feeding . 2
The city is a popular tourist destination , with an average year- round temperature of 75.5 F and 3,000 hours of sunshine per year . 2
The number of homeless people worldwide has grown steadily in recent years . 2
There are many ongoing questions about different aspects of photography . 2
There is a supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy . 2
Maple syrup is made from reduced sugar maple xylem sap . 2
Manganese is a silvery - gray metal and is part of the group known as the transition metals . 3
A volcanologist is a geologist who studies the eruptive activity and formation of volcanoes , and their current and historic eruptions . 3
We write a mass number after an element 's name or as a superscript to the left of an element 's symbol . 2
The island had an economy of only one crop until 1966 , based on the cultivation and processing of New Zealand flax for rope and string . 2
There are about 28 subfamilies of this species in Australia . 2
The observation that living things inherit traits from their parents has been used since prehistoric times to improve crop plants and animals through selective breeding . 3
As of , there are seven living former Prime Ministers of Egypt , as seen below . 2
The park has 104 species of plants . 1
In 2004 , the national university system changed . 2
Draft order in the Entry Draft is determined by a combination of lottery , regular season standing , and playoff results . 2
In 1984 Carstens decided not to seek a second term on account of his age and left office on 30 June 1984 . 2
More than half of the original vegetation of the islands are cleared . 2
Violent scenes were removed from the movie to achieve an R rating rather than an X rating . 2
One or more contestants would walk on . 2
Techniques such as branch prediction and speculative execution are used to reduce these branch penalties . 3
A schismatic is a person who creates or incites schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group . 3
In its existence since 1962 there were a number of important changes . 2
The cranial nerves provide motor and sensory innervation mainly to the structures within the head and neck . 2
Hazzard died in New York City on 12 December 2016 from complications of dementia , aged 85 . 3
Scales in traditional Western music generally consist of seven notes and repeat at the octave . 2
Other names are used for corduroy . 2
A laboratory mouse or rat strain is a group of animals that is genetically uniform . 2
In the overnight hours after formation , the storm was disorganized with a shabby and abstracted center of circulation . 2
The hazel dormouse needs different food sources at different times of year to survive . 3
s of 2009 , there are seven Roquefort producers . 2
The physics engine is responsible for emulating the laws of physics realistically within the application . 2
Although the U.S. Forest Service fought wildfires long before World War II , the war brought a new importance and urgency to the effort . 2
Magnesium reacted with an alkyl halide gives a Grignard reagent , which is a very useful tool for preparing alcohols . 3
Japanese has a long history of borrowing from foreign languages . 2
The health risks associated with nuclear materials have also been of concern . 2
Sexual development can occur when amoeboid cells are starved for their bacterial food supply and dark humid conditions are present . 3
BASE jumping grew out of skydiving . 2
At the bottom of the bacterial flagellum , where it meets the cell membrane , a motor protein acts as an engine . 3
From the hypostyle hall , one enters the second pillared hall , which has four pillars decorated with beautiful scenes of offerings to the gods . 2
Since 2002 , subtropical storms have been given names from the same naming sequence as tropical storms . 3
The metal-carbon bond in organometallic compounds is generally highly covalent . 3
The pygmy killer whale avoids human contact . 2
Because oxygen is more electronegative than carbon , the electrons in the bond are more towards it . 3
Women had a high status in ancient Egypt and enjoyed the legal right to own , inherit , and will property . 2
Female amphiumas lay their eggs in wet mud . 3
Ditko died at his New York City apartment from a heart attack on June 29 , 2018 at the age of 90 . 1
Because of this , Hash Tables can often find information faster than other tools , such as search trees or other table lookup structure . 2
Chess players classify endgames according to the type of pieces that remain . 2
The motorway was first suggested early in the 20th century , and a few sections were built in the early 1970s . 2
Humans have a large effect on the world . 2
Corals can be found all over the island . 1
Most competitive teams keep two sets of uniforms , with one design emphasizing the primary color and the other emphasizing the secondary color . 2
Mars has only a thin atmosphere ; however , it is extremely dusty , and there is much light that is scattered about . 2
Despite the end of the Fourth Coalition , Britain remained at war with France . 2
The group had many changes . 1
Bearded dragons do not vocalize , except to hiss softly when threatened . 3
Very few pyramidia have survived into modern times . 3
Natural selection is seen in action in the development of antibiotic resistance in microorganisms . 3
She died after a long illness on 6 April 2014 at the age of 85 . 1
The gallery was started in 1897 , as the National Gallery of British Art . 1
It seems likely that the standardization of the script will be greatly influenced by the need to typeset it on computers . 2
The museum does research and public servie work . 2
The genre itself was defined as different from post- punk due to its darker music and romantic lyrics . 2
The opposite of electronegativity is electropositivity ; the measure of how well an atom gives away electrons . 3
Plant cells which are differentiated generally cannot divide or produce cells of a different type . 2
The British used parts of North America as a penal colony . 2
Syncopation has been an important element of European musical composition since at least the Middle Ages . 3
Some of these topics have been discussed before . 2
The speech lasted 43 minutes and 2 seconds and contained 4931 words . 2
Knowledge of them comes chiefly from that linguistic reconstruction , along with material evidence from archaeology and archaeogenetics . 3
Since the advent of personal computing , page layout skills have expanded to electronic media as well as print media . 2
The balustrade is the system of railings and balusters that prevents people from falling over the edge . 3
The city is a major trading and farming center in this area . 2
During World War I , the strait was of strategic significance . 2
Another part of the show was the the knight 's tour , a famed chess puzzle . 2
Stars get the energy they produce through nuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium . 3
They typically enter the nests of pollen- collecting species , and lay their eggs in cells provisioned by the host bee . 2
There were two phases to the operation . 2
Absolute value may be thought of as the number 's distance from zero on the real number line . 2
Usually men and boys sang Gregorian chant in churches , and holy women and men sang Gregorian chants in their daily prayers . 2
The album has been received well by critics . 2
The French press has different names around the world . 1
Euthanasia may be classified into three types , according to whether a person gives informed consent : voluntary , non-voluntary and involuntary . 3
The lower part of the trap contains glands which absorb nutrients from captured prey . 2
As artillery developed technically , almost all guns of any size could be moved at some speed . 2
There are four kinds of exams : These are by far the most commonly taken exams . 2
Rolling resistance is also the reason that some human civilizations did n't use wheels . 2
His ability as tenor let him record twelve albums of romantic songs , as well as three albums of poetry and fourteen books to tape . 2
In 1896 , winners ' medals were made from silver . 2
It is a close relative of the mourning and eared doves , particularly the former and was at one time considered a subspecies . 3
All defensive players wear fielding gloves , made of leather or similar material . 2
On February 28 , 2007 , new designs of the 5 to 50 naira banknotes were introduced . 2
It is held in many mental health circles that masturbation can relieve depression , stress and lead to a higher sense of self-worth . 3
Gout often happens with other medical problems . 2
737s do not have fuel dump systems . 2
Another part of the machine 's exhibition was the completion of the knight 's tour , a famed chess puzzle . 2
Both species of kangaroo mouse live in sandy desert ecosystems . 2
The history of law links closely to the development of civilization . 2
For vectors with complex entries , using the given definition of the dot product would lead to quite different geometric properties . 3
Together with stratigraphic principles , radiometric dating methods are used in geochronology to establish the geologic time scale . 3
Most of the coins of later series have specific commemorative topics and are usually made of precious metal . 2
At least two schools of researchers have proposed that dromaeosaurs may actually be descended from flying ancestors . 3
Pitchblende contains a small amount of radium as a radioactive decay product of uranium . 3
Latin was the most important language in most of Europe in the Middle Ages . 2
A barograph is a device which records barometric readings on paper . 3
It is a fallacy because a person 's actions or character do not affect the logic of the argument . 3
Its area is 2,812 km2 , of which about three quarters are considered productive . 2
A lot of the railway track and trains have to be repaired or replaced . 2
Prey includes a wide variety of mammals and birds . 2
Until 1964 , state senators were generally elected from districts that were not necessarily equal in population . 2
The class are numbered 7201 - 7440 . 1
No firm dates can be assigned to this Emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 480 to 484 . 2
The material of choice of a given era is often a defining point . 2
It is possible for the frenulum of the penis to tear during sexual activity . 3
These are the best known , most widely used real-time operating systems . 2
After 1998 , weight - control problems and injuries began to take a toll on Reeves , and his numbers fell off dramatically . 2
Geophysics is applied to societal needs , such as mineral resources , mitigation of natural hazards and environmental protection . 3
There were several inter-promotional matches after Unforgiven . 2
The European spadefoot toads are small to large sized frogs . 2
Rwanda has a temperate tropical highland climate , with lower temperatures than are typical for equatorial countries because of its high elevation . 3
The forest zone , a belt of lowland tropical moist broadleaf forests , runs across most of equatorial Africa 's intertropical convergence zone . 3
The chapel offers regular services , as well as music of pipe organ . 2
The aquarium has 2 million annual visitors . 2
Hi - Five has released three studio albums and one mini-album . 2
Baseball bats are often used as a club-like weapon . 2
An Avenue of Honor also remembers those who died in World War I . 2
This table lists every number that was once the largest known prime number . 2
The oldest anchors were just rocks , and many rock anchors have been found from a long time ago . 2
The area of the national park is home to an extremely wide variety of animal and bird species . 2
Ten matches happened at the show , including three on the pre-show . 2
The signs and symptoms of African trypanosomiasis happen in two stages . 2
Dotrice died on 16 October 2017 in London at the age of 94 . 1
About 56 of the Old World and 3 of the New World cuckoo species are brood parasites , laying their eggs in the nests of other birds . 3
In 2007 the club began to play floorball . 2
In the United States , each state has its own laws . 1
Internet Explorer has introduced a number of extensions to the DOM that have been adopted by other browsers . 2
The colonial intellectual and political leaders in the 1760s and 1770s closely read history to compare governments and their effectiveness of rule . 2
Synapsids had differentiated teeth . 2
Alcock was one of the leading pre-Reformation divines ; he was a man of deep learning and also of great proficiency as an architect . 2
An iron man match is a multiple - fall match with a set time limit . 2
There is no official legal definition of ethnic cleansing . 2
A polynomial equation over the rationals can always be converted to an equivalent one in which the coefficients are integers . 3
In 2011 , there are nine senators holding ministerial positions and the head of state , the First mayor . 2
Casualty estimates for the battle vary widely . 2
This class used to be classified as sea cucumbers in the echinoderms . 3
Vadnais died of cancer on August 31 , 2014 at the age of 68 . 1
Elections to the new authorities were held on three different Thursdays in 1973 . 2
In the second week of September , a strong tropical wave started moving off the coast of Africa . 2
All of the species are small land frogs , about 4 cm in length . 2
The silky sifaka has a variable social structure , and lives in groups of two to nine individuals . 2
The site was excavated in August 2008 and again in August 2009 and is considered to be an important find by archaeologists . 3
As the 19th century moved on , the city began to grow . 1
Iocaste belongs to the Ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break - up of a captured heliocentric asteroid . 3
China has one of the world 's oldest civilizations and has the oldest continuous civilization . 2
One example where this is used is the Light- dependent reaction of photosynthesis . 2
Because of their size range , it is probable that different species hunted in different ways , which allowed them to fill many different predatory niches . 2
The rare- earth elements are often found together . 2
Like all eastern spices , pepper was historically both a seasoning and a medicine . 1
Blackmail is against the law . 2
Crystalline ceramic materials are not amenable to a great range of processing . 2
Criticism of the game is that battle is easy and cut-scenes dialog is too long . 2
On October 2 , 1658 he was chosen to the council of war . 2
Note in the graphic , the strong 100,000 year periodicity of the cycles , and the striking asymmetry of the curves . 3
Histones undergo posttranslational modifications that alter their interaction with DNA and nuclear proteins . 3
Not all musical instruments make notes with a clear pitch . 2
Magnesium sulfate is used as a brewing salt in beer . 2
The earliest playwright in Western literature with surviving works are the Ancient Greeks . 2
Japanese radio intercepts did notice an increase in both American submarine activity and message traffic . 2
Language is primarily localized in the left hemisphere . 3
On April 1 , 2016 the case was heard by the court of appeals . 2
The Weeks family began to suffer from a series of family tragedies almost at once after the completion of the house . 2
Plants in wildfire - prone ecosystems often have adaptations to their local conditions . 2
The park was created in 1981 . 1
Some Western sources consider visual kei a music genre , with its sound usually related to glam rock , punk rock and heavy metal . 2
The forest is known in the region for its bluebell carpet which covers the forest floor for a few weeks each spring , attracting many visitors . 2
The award categories have varied over the years . 2
Seals were used in the earliest civilizations and are of considerable importance in archaeology and art history . 2
Wormholes are a common element in science fiction because they allow interstellar , intergalactic , and sometimes even interuniversal travel within human lifetime scales . 3
Flourens was able to show for the first time that the main parts of the brain were responsible for largely different functions . 2
Demarest traveled around on foot to learn more about the Earth 's structure . 2
An elbow drop is where a wrestler jumps or falls down onto their opponent while driving their elbow into anywhere on the opponent 's body . 2
Despite having many troubles during his reign , Arshak II was able to change many parts of his kingdom for the better . 2
Germany is a federal , parliamentary , representative democratic republic . 3
The ruined walls of the observatory are a prominent feature on the summit . 2
The cells of the epidermis can vary in the way they are made and how they work . 2
Multiplayer can be played with up to four players . 2
The average stillbirth rate in the United States is approximately 1 in 160 births , which is roughly 26,000 stillbirths each year . 2
He was part of the American basketball team , which won the gold medal . 1
Some women protested , because his designs covered up their legs , which they did not during wartime . 2
A young girl describes her special bond with her grandfather over four seasons . 2
Guilt can sometimes cause anxiety . 2
Officially , the Indian rupee has a market-set exchange rate . 2
His policy was broadly progressive . 2
Rainbands exist in the periphery of tropical cyclones , which point towards the cyclone 's center of low pressure . 3
Convenience stores usually charge higher prices than conventional grocery stores or supermarkets . 2
The quarter has a population 17,226 distributed across an area of 4.6 km2 . 2
A neutral atom has the same number of electrons as protons . 3
In the 1890s , a variant known as bridge whist became popular . 2
Soaps and detergents help to spread the oils and dirt particles through the water , so they can be washed away . 2
The seventh and final king of Rome was Lucius Tarquinius Superbus . 2
Initially , women protested because his designs covered up their legs , which they had been unused to because of the previous limitations on fabric . 2
Basil suffers from several plant diseases that can ruin the crop and reduce yield . 2
In 2017 Dunleavy announced he would run for governor in 2018 , but abandoned the race in September 2017 , citing heart problems . 2
The mercury inside the tube is toxic and makes these bulbs hazardous waste . 3
Traditionally , globes were manufactured by gluing a printed paper map onto a sphere , often made from wood . 2
The three - toed hind limbs were long and thick , supporting the body in a bipedal posture . 2
The rate of fire depended on the skill of the soldier , but was typically about three shots per minute . 2
To prophesy is to make a prophecy . 2
About half of the polyvinyl chloride resin manufactured each year is used to make pipes . 3
A tropical wave normally follows an area of sinking , intensely dry air , blowing from the northeast . 2
As of April 28 , 2013 , the online multiplayer servers are shut down . 2
In 2010 , there was an estimated 8,638 Kayapo people . 2
Upon its release in 1975 , critical response was mixed although box office was strong . 2
They are very small frogs , only 5 cm in length . 2
Opium poppy cultivation and drug trafficking have important role in the political and economic situation of Afghanistan for last twenty - five years . 3
Common medical conditions such as nasal infections , nasal polyps , or dental problems can cause phantom smells . 3
The metabolic system of a particular organism determines which substances it will find nutritious and which poisonous . 3
The opera did not do well , and audiences thought that the opera did not make any sense . 2
Three key rearrangement reactions are 1,2 - rearrangements , pericyclic reactions and olefin metathesis . 3
CHP is most efficient when the heat can be used on site or very close to it . 2
She went to school with in - depth study of foreign languages , and now knows three languages . 2
The French Tech aims to provide a strong common visual identity to French startups as well as to promote entrepreneurial exchanges between them . 2
In January 2013 Jenneke was tenth on AskMen. com 's 99 Most Desirable Women 2013 . 2
The purpose of a formal name is to have a single name which is accepted and used worldwide for a particular plant or plant group . 2
It was also during this period that the Egyptian writing system was further developed . 2
Constructive interference happens when two or more waves are in the same space and in phase . 3
The basic economical activity of this department is the cattle breeding . 2
The electronvolt is often used in atomic , nuclear and particle physics . 3
Loons , which are the size of a large duck or a small goose , resemble these birds in shape when swimming . 2
He called the relationship between color and salt formation halochromy of which malachite green is a prime example . 3
Historic Scotland had direct responsibility for maintaining and running over 360 monuments in its care , about a quarter of which are manned and charge admission entry . 2
Production began in November 1999 and was completed in May 2000 , with a budget of $ 52.5 million . 2
There are a lot of quokkas living on the small offshore islands , because this is only a small area they are listed as vulnerable . 3
On December 19 , 2012 , evidence was presented for a system of five planets orbiting Tau Ceti . 2
Some species of algae form symbiotic relationships with other organisms . 2
In the US , the game is primarily staged by churches or charity organizations . 2
Water turbines were developed in the 19th century and were widely used for industrial power prior to electrical grids . 2
Some people keep them as a pet . 1
The word lineman / linesman refers to those who work in generally outdoor installation and maintenance jobs . 2
The information here are latest updated as of 25.05.2015 2
The contemporary priesthood can trace its immediate origins to the first half of the 19th century . 3
The three major learning paradigms are supervised learning , unsupervised learning and reinforcement learning . 2
Nautiluses reproduce by laying eggs . 2
The basic metabolic rate varies between individuals . 2
Trass died on 14 February 2017 , aged 88 . 1
There are many websites that have the lyrics to songs . 2
The discovery of the H5 histone appears to date back to 1970's . 2
The tits are generalist insectivores that consume a wide range of small insects and other invertebrates , particularly small defoliating caterpillars . 3
The function of the reaction center chlorophyll is to use the energy transferred to it from the other chlorophyll pigments to undergo a specific redox reaction . 3
Scholars rocks can be any color . 2
During the second half of the 20th century , many people went to the country counties from nearby cities . 2
The concept , idea or philosophy of property underlies all property law . 2
Grime emerged in the early 2000s in London . 2
Financial mathematics is a field of applied mathematics , concerned with financial markets . 2
The Earth is about 4.54 billion years old . 2
One of the major criticisms of this law is the confusion caused when some states recognize a new entity , but other states do not . 2
Short eruptions can end in less than a day . 2
Monoceros is hard to see with the naked eye . 2
The vibrant colors of the coat of arms are to point to a bright future for the islands . 2
A player character may sometimes be based on a real person , especially in sports games that use the names and likenesses of real sports people . 2
Unaipon was obsessed with correct English . 2
The magnetic fare card system is used for single journey tickets . 2
Hawking radiation reduces the mass and the energy of the black hole and is therefore also known as black hole evaporation . 3
Archeologists believe that the town was started in the 13th century . 3
The parish is rural in character , the northeast being moorland and the southwest lower lying farmland . 2
Cockatoos are recognizable by the showy crests and curved and strong bills . 2
The right to die is very controversial . 2
Since 17 March 1982 , he has been in a coma following an operation . 2
A few species live in waters where there is very little food available . 2
The tomato is grown and eaten around the world . 2
The aperture stop of a photographic lens can be adjusted to control the amount of light reaching the film or image sensor . 3
Swift died at home in London from respiratory failure on 1 February 2019 , aged 82 . 3
Historically , Latin or Romance languages have been the official languages in this region . 2
He made his debut for Italy in 1958 . 2
Synapsids are characterized by having differentiated teeth . 2
The plant grows in wet , shady places . 2
During the third hour , an autopsy was performed . 2
Teams are given up to four clues . 2
Pomeroy was hit by a tornado on July 6 , 1893 , that was estimated to be F5 on the Fujita scale . 2
The mons pubis is the soft mound of fatty tissue at the front of the vulva , in the pubic region covering the pubic bone . 2
The region is rich in sea life . 2
Antidisestablishmentarianism is one of the longest words in the English language . 3
The concept of formally defined layers or strata is central to the geologic discipline of stratigraphy . 3
The ruined walls of an observatory are also on the summit . 2
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical forests . 2
The book was first published in 1975 , then reprinted in 1976 . 1
The order Archaeognatha is cosmopolitan ; it includes roughly 500 species in two families . 3
The world championships of ringuette occur once in three years . 3
The flavor of the broth and toppings , as well as even noodle texture and thickness , vary from region to region . 2
X- ray crystallography was the primary method for determining the 3 - D molecular structure of biological macromolecules . 3
Usually a libretto is written before the music , but sometimes composers wrote some of the music first and then looked for words to go with it . 2
Epidemiology is the study of the factors that cause or encourage diseases . 2
Fighting within the ruined city was fierce and desperate . 3
Once opened and populated , they typically offer only the most bare - bones of service : a cot and perhaps a bowl of hot soup . 2
Sodium bicarbonate may be used to neutralize liquid spills of phosgene . 3
The nouns and adjectives are created by removing the ending and thus obtaining the root . 2
Galaxy groups are the smallest groups of galaxies . 2
Historically , many accidents and catastrophes have resulted from microsleep episodes in these circumstances . 3
The film received mixed to positive reviews . 2
Engineering ceramics are known for their stiffness , high temperature , and stability under compression and electrical stress . 3
There are many different treatments for the symptoms of POTS . 2
The exact identity of silphium is unclear . 3
Critics gave it mixed reviews . 2
Athletes may be professionals or amateurs . 2
Grosics died on 13 June 2014 after suffering from cardiac and lung problems . 2
An aerostat is a system that remains in the air primarily through the use of floating to give an aircraft that has the same overall density as air . 3
The coat of arms of the region changed during the ages . 2
Maria initially fulfilled the traditional role of pioneering housewife and mother . 2
She died on 12 February 2019 , at the age of 79 . 1
He is widely regarded as one of the most important architectural thinkers and urbanists of his generation . 2
Most casualties in an explosion are caused by secondary blast injuries . 2
The town is near a lake region of forests and plains . 2
Thus , the mean of the grouped data is 1
Argonauts are capable of altering their color . 2
Though AASHTO is not a government body , it possesses quasi-governmental powers in the sense that the organizations that supply its members customarily obey most AASHTO decisions . 3
China may have used inoculation in the 10th century . 2
The standard method of travel was by foot , as wheeled carts were almost nonexistent and heavy cargo was usually sent by boat . 3
Steadily rising sea levels then further isolated this little island , which is entirely of volcanic origin . 2
Common-use terminal designs means airlines share check - in counters , gates and IT systems . 2
The job of President was created in 1839 . 2
Ferrets are known to suffer from several distinct health problems . 2
Hedgehogs are nocturnal , but gymnures are less so . 3
By the end of 2008 , there were a total of 14 schools serving approximately 9,268 students . 2
Most tin whistles are in D , because they are often used in music with fiddles . 2
Producing a stop-motion animation using clay is extremely laborious . 2
Bearded seals are about 2.1 m to 2.7 m in nose- to-tail length . 2
Though never intended as a teaching tool , various viewers used the knowledge they obtained watching the show . 2
The area of the canton is 991 km2 and commonly divided into three hill masses . 2
The first buildings were huts and shelters , constructed by hand or with simple tools . 2
When they are ready to reproduce , the adults leave the host , and sperm from the males penetrate the bodies of the females to achieve internal fertilization . 3
There is usually an option to produce audible representing the number of ionization events detected . 3
The university has a logo showing a white sunrise on a green earth referring to the sustainable development , a major theme of the university . 2
A kind of skin cell called a keratinocyte moves itself by rolling , as part of the process of healing . 3
These frogs do not have the adhesive toe disc cups found in the tree frogs . 2
After a long series of concerts , the band returned to Sweden in order to spend time with their families and begin writing songs for their next album . 2
There is also the built environment . 2
Game theory has been put to several uses in philosophy . 2
The story and its main characters attracted little public interest when it first appeared . 2
In many countries the manufacture or possession of a pipe bomb is a serious crime , regardless of its intended use . 2
It is often used on soil . 1
ICs have two main advantages over discrete circuits : cost and performance . 2
Choreography is the art of making dances , and the person who practices this art is called a choreographer . 2
Sexual reproduction is a process that can only be found in eukaryotes . 3
In reality , cats possess the ability to turn themselves right side up in mid-air if they should fall upside-down , known as the cat righting reflex . 3
Coal tar was formerly one of the products of gasworks . 2
In males , masturbation flushes out old sperm with low motility from the male 's genital tract . 3
Tunnels are dug in different kinds of grounds , from soft sand to hard rock . 2
Cancer has been around for many thousands of years . 2
Equations can be classified according to the types of operations and quantities involved . 2
Some clinics function as a place for people with injuries or illnesses to come and be seen by a triage nurse or other health worker . 2
Pollinators are often visually attracted by the shape and colors of the labellum . 3
Sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as acne and keratosis pilaris . 3
The anchoritic life is one of the earliest forms of Christian monasticism . 3
Washed up corals can be found on the island 's beaches . 2
Korats may rarely have some white markings or spots , or even pale gray stripes . 2
The restaurant reopened five months after the massacre , but closed permanently on September 9 , 2000 . 2
The story , and its main characters , attracted little public interest when it first appeared . 2
Farmer was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in the spring of 1970 . 2
The chief executive of a central bank is normally known as the Governor , President or Chairman . 2
The simplest form of term life insurance is a one-year contract . 2
During World War I , the British had already accused Germany of using the fat from human bodies to make things . 2
The federal government owns about twenty - eight percent of the land in the United States . 2
Polderization and occasional flooding have created salt marsh meadows that were found to be ideally suited to grazing sheep . 3
Older banyan trees are characterized by aerial prop roots that mature into thick , woody trunks , which can become indistinguishable from the primary trunk with age . 3
Camel case is used in some wiki markup languages for terms that should be automatically linked to other wiki pages . 2
Some people keep this species as a pet . 2
A total of 31 players have been the captain of the Indian Test team so far . 2
The people are almost fully French-speaking . 2
The first land sales took place in 1837 . 2
Some moths , particularly their caterpillars , can be major agricultural pests in many parts of the world . 2
Being childless was considered unusual in the 1950s . 2
A chair shot is where a wrestler hits their opponent with a chair . 2
For most of its 4.5 billion - year lifetime , Wild 2 probably had a more distant and circular orbit . 2
There are other theorems for which a proof is known , but it cannot easily be written down . 2
An increase in the number of white blood cells in circulation is called leukocytosis . 3
The demonstration of circulation varies from year to year , but the basic climatologic structure is almost constant . 2
Flourens was able to demonstrate convincingly for the first time that the main divisions of the brain were indeed responsible for largely different functions . 2
A new ergate spends the first few days of its adult life caring for the queen and young . 2
Swift died at home on 1 February 2019 , following a short illness , eight days before his 83rd birthday . 2
Flynt has mentioned that he has bipolar disorder . 3
Most thinking in genetics has focused on vertical transfer , but there is a growing awareness that horizontal gene transfer is a significant phenomenon . 2
A collision happens when two stations attempt to transmit at the same time . 2
Other nebulae form as the result of supernova explosions ; the death throes of massive , short- lived stars . 3
Sex selection is not new . 2
The site was built between 2900 and 2600 BC , though there were possibly earlier buildings before 3000 BC . 2
The type A viruses are the most virulent human pathogens among the three influenza types and causes the most severe disease . 3
A harp tuned to C-sharp major has all its pedals in the bottom position . 2
Slavery had long been practiced in Africa . 2
The 20th century , however , brought the need for a more precise definition . 2
This digital data must be gathered and stored so that the physicist can later analyze the data and reconstruct the physics that occurred . 2
As of 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 758,791 , with 748,551 in the municipal seat . 2
Town criers were protected by royalty , as they sometimes brought bad news such as tax increases . 2
The movie received negative review from critics . 2
There should be multiple means of delivering emergency information so that if one fails , others may get through . 2
There 169 scored in 64 , for an average of 169 / 64 round 2 per match . 2
The episode features cover versions of six songs , which received mixed reviews from critics . 2
An adult is about 1.8 m in length and weighs 90 - 120 kg . 2
Roads have long been built through passes , as well as railways more recently . 2
The main purpose of an office is to support its occupants in performing their job . 2
The rules currently used for the sport are based on the old rules . 2
Free vibration occurs when vibration is set off with a push and allowed to vibrate freely . 3
Long- term misuse of alcohol can cause a wide range of mental health problems . 2
Siboglinid tube worms , which may grow to over 2 m tall in the largest species , often form an important part of the community around a hydrothermal vent . 3
There are no specific antiviral drugs for dengue ; however , maintaining proper fluid balance is important . 3
Seaweed is currently under consideration as a potential source of bioethanol . 3
Many cultures around the world once thought or still think that semen has special or even magical qualities . 2
She persuaded her husband to give her a grove of mulberry trees , where she could domesticate the worms that made these cocoons . 2
Synthetic genomics does not use naturally occurring genes . 2
Primary hypersomnias are very rare . 3
He almost died of hunger . 2
The dough is just ordinary bread dough with yeast as a leavening agent . 3
OBO carriers are today not as common as in the 1970s and 1980s . 2
The band 's second world tour started in January 2001 . 1
During the 1960s the paper championed the new British groups emerging at the time . 2
Large died of cancer in New York City on October 28 , 2017 at the age of 74 . 2
The width of the slide rule is quoted in terms of the nominal width of the scales . 2
The region has a large area of national parks . 2
He was on holiday in Germany the next summer when World War I broke out . 2
The algae benefit from a safe place to live and consume the polyp 's carbon dioxide and nitrogenous waste . 3
Another recently developed source of rare earths is electronic waste and other wastes that have significant rare- earth components . 2
At the other end of the spectrum , the 15 percent of humankind in the developed countries have 80 percent of global income . 2
The metabolic system of an organism decides which substances it finds nutritious and which poisonous . 3
They feed on insects and fruit . 1
The indie game scene started on PCs , where it remains prominent . 2
On impact with the target , a delayed action fuze is triggered . 2
One place they are sometimes seen is on clock faces . 2
Lyme disease is the most common tick - borne disease in North America and Europe , and one of the fastest - growing infectious diseases in the United States . 2
Like the white - tailed hummingbird , it is sometimes considered a subspecies of the more widespread stripe-tailed hummingbird . 3
Scientists will probably never be certain of the largest and smallest dinosaurs to have ever existed . 2
During the war , the town was completely destroyed and the land was made uninhabitable to such an extent that a decision was made not to rebuild it . 2
The W bosons are named after the weak force . 2
Until recently , people thought only vertebrates had electroreception . 3
Seventy students and teachers traveling to the United States for summer camp were among the Chinese passengers . 2
Elections were held to the new authorities on three different Thursdays in 1973 . 2
Although peat has many uses for humans , it also presents problems . 2
From 1975 a new thing is starting . 1
Cottontail rabbits show a greater resistance to myxomatosis than European rabbits . 3
There are 670 bird species in Rwanda , with variation between the east and the west . 2
Following the final orchestral crescendo , the song ends with one of the most famous final chords in music history . 3
Increasing market share is one of the most important objectives of business . 2
Before the late 1980s , people could station themselves up to the guardrails so they could be closer to the action . 2
The rabi crops are sown around mid-November , preferably after the monsoon rains are over , and harvesting begins in April / May . 3
Some salamander species use tail autotomy to escape predators . 2
The initial construction featured a two-story front section with a one-story extension to the rear , housing the dining room and the winter kitchen . 3
French is the only official language in France as a whole and in these municipalities . 2
Kumquats are much hardier than citrus plants such as oranges . 2
A crossfader on a dj mixer essentially functions like two faders connected side- by-side , but in opposite directions . 2
The lack of hair can cause health issues with kittens in the first weeks of life because they can get sick with respiratory infections . 2
One of the primary industries in the town is tourism , most notably scuba diving . 2
In the late 1800s , anarchist naturism appeared as the union of anarchist and naturist ideas . 3
Hollandaise is one of the five mother sauces in French haute cuisine . 3
The testing was delayed because of some problems with the JT9D engines . 2
The organization became a political party in January 2006 , running in that year 's elections . 2
Cities designated by government ordinance recognized starting in 1956 . 2
A number of tactics are used to win a race . 2
Within a day , symptoms of mustard poisoning had appeared in 628 patients and medical staff . 2
Eugenia is a large asteroid , with a diameter of 214 km . 2
Very little is known of the species ' lifespan . 2
The longsword is characterized not so much by a longer blade , but by a longer grip , which indicates a weapon designed for two -handed use . 3
Bearded dragons do not make sounds usually , but when they are scared they might hiss like a cat . 2
In both respects , little was achieved this day . 2
The Bear was considered a holy animal . 2
These camps were closed by October 1942 . 1
Oll , who was married , fell into severe depressions after he divorced . 2
In some jurisdictions , specific types of criminal cases may also be started by the filing of a complaint . 2
The country 's provinces are divided into 337 municipalities . 2
Even in those sea cucumbers that lack regular tube feet , those that are immediately around the mouth are always present . 2
The honey badger has a fairly long body , but is thick set and broad across the back . 2
In the United States , the term lien generally refers to a wide range of legal interests . 2
The Earth 's orbit approximates an ellipse . 3
His writings and films have continued to have a major impact on subsequent filmmakers . 2
It has been published yearly from 1868 to 1875 , and again every year since 1886 . 2
There is no exact total number of deaths , because many were unrecorded . 2
Attempts have been made to raise sheep there . 2
By the morning of Friday , July 21 , the fire had been reported at 74,083 acres at 15 % containment . 2
Pies made from pumpkins use pie pumpkins that are about six-to- eight inches in diameter . 2
At first , historical linguistics served as the cornerstone of comparative linguistics primarily as a tool for linguistic reconstruction . 2
Germans started arriving in 1828 . 1
Note that the description of a device as either input or output depends on how it is viewed . 2
Nonetheless , the committee is still composed mainly of politicians . 2
16 - bit programs usually run in a single virtual DOS machine , sharing memory between them . 2
Coherence defines the behavior of reads and writes to a single address location . 2
Oats are also commonly used as feed for horses - as whole or rolled oats or as part of food bits . 2
When war broke out again in 1282 , it was an entirely different undertaking . 2
Death masks were used by scientists from the late 18th century onwards to record differences in human physiognomy . 3
The cheap and simple water aspirator is the most common type of aspirator . 2
With the sines and cosines one can answer virtually all questions about triangles . 3
Pepsin was one of the first enzymes to be discovered , and is polypeptidic in nature . 3
Flash drives use little power , compared to hard drives and have no moving parts . 2
Livestock activities are also economically relevant , with pigs and cattle being the most important . 2
For example , a sociolinguist might determine through study of social attitudes that a particular vernacular would not be considered appropriate language use in a business or professional setting . 3
As the killer 's epithet implies , the victims usually were attacked with an axe , which often belonged to the victims themselves . 3
A secret or unlockable character is a playable character in a video game available only after completing the game or meeting another requirement . 2
Zinc sulfide can be made by igniting a mixture of powdered zinc and sulfur . 3
At the 2000 United States Census , there were 297,490 people , 108,984 households and 78,359 families residing in the county . 2
Antidisestablishmentarianism is also referred to as one of the longest non-scientific words in the English language . 3
However , species vary in the details . 2
Antibiotics have no effect against viral infections and thus have no effect against the common cold . 3
In addition to the United States , Americans and people of American descent can be found around the world . 2
Potassium chloride is extracted from minerals sylvite , carnallite , and potash . 3
In many jurisdictions no formalities are necessary to start an association . 2
The second season introduced a new format that includes new signs and more original music . 2
The park is frequently closed because of sulphur gas . 2
As of the 2011 testing season , exams cost $ 87 each , though the cost may reduced for poor students who cannot pay for it . 2
Debian packages are standard Unix ar archives that include two tar archives . 2
Some engineering students and engineers carried ten-inch slide rules in belt holsters , and even into the mid 1970s this was a common sight on campuses . 2
On 31 January 2013 , he was shot and wounded during his bid for the presidency in 2013 . 2
In 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 15,935 . 2
A gas chromatograph is a chemical analysis instrument for separating chemicals in a complex sample . 3
An object that is its own closure is called closed . 2
Access to this area was also added into the neighboring East Stand on several levels . 2
He died on 4 August 2018 . 1
Estimates for the total number of casualties in the war vary , because many deaths went unrecorded . 2
As of 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 2,647 . 2
Juuso died on 23 August 2014 , aged 68 . 1
The giant panda is a conservation - reliant vulnerable species . 2
Popular science is a bridge between the literature written for scientists , and the realms of popular writing which ordinary people use . 2
POTS can be caused by many different things . 2
Dairy farming has been part of agriculture for thousands of years . 2
Polyphenic pigmentation is adaptive for species which reproduce several times a year . 3
All of these animals are omnivores , yet still fall into special niches in terms of feeding behavior and preferred foods . 3
Weight training is a safe kind of exercise when the motion is slow , controlled , and careful . 2
Banana fiber harvested from the pseudostems and leaves of the plant has been used for textiles in Asia since at least the 13th century . 3
Once the plant is allowed to flower , it may produce seed pods containing small black seeds . 2
Luria arrived in New York City on September 12 , 1940 and soon changed his first and middle names . 1
Each of the eight round uses six sub-keys , while the half- round uses four ; for a total of 52 sub-keys . 2
Some airports in Japan do not fall under the scope of the Japanese airport statutes . 2
Prior to the opening of the station , it was supposed to be called Museum . 2
Acting as a provider of loans is one of the main tasks for financial institutions . 2
One way to think about mental health is by looking at how well a person lives . 2
The parathyroid glands are two pairs of glands usually positioned behind the left and right lobes of the thyroid . 3
The pumpkin is native to the continent of North America . 2
Male argonauts have been observed residing inside salps , although little is known about this relationship . 2
Amoebozoa are now considered by most to form a separate kingdom- level clade , being more closely related to both animals and fungi than to plants . 3
The first significant written record of Britain and its inhabitants was made by the Greek navigator Pytheas , who explored the coastal region of Britain around 325 BC . 3
In the United States , the issue of mitigating factors is most important in death penalty cases . 2
In 2014 the population was 819 people . 1
The theory of their use in sexual display was first proposed by Davitashvili in 1961 and has gained increasing acceptance since . 2
Alligators are generally timid towards humans and tend to walk or swim away if one approaches . 2
Long-distance relays have become increasingly popular with runners of all skill levels . 2
As dance progressed into the 1800s , the desire grew to dance en pointe without the aid of wires . 2
Female pandas may give birth to two young . 2
He was the 6th child in the family , though two of his siblings were from his father 's first marriage . 2
Another danger is that most BASE jumpers have very small areas in which to land . 2
The race is unique in that its winner receives a championship belt rather than a trophy . 2
China has said that resource depletion and environmental concerns are the reasons for increased nationwide control of its rare earth mineral production . 2
The six-part series followed the book in great detail including all key features . 2
Named because it resembles a ladder , the ladder frame is the simplest and oldest of all designs . 2
Polymers are high molecular mass compounds formed by polymerization of monomers . 3
The flyweight division was the last of boxing 's eight traditional weight classes . 2
The land battle took place over about 81 days beginning on April 1 , 1945 . 2
Both types strike by rapidly unfolding and swinging their claws at the prey , and can cause serious damage on victims larger than themselves . 2
The ossuary became a tourist attraction on a small scale from the early 19th century , and has been open to the public on a regular basis from 1867 . 2
These observances are regulated by the government , but are not observed as holidays . 2
The electron transport chain consists of a spatially separated series of redox reactions in which electrons are transferred from a donor molecule to an acceptor molecule . 3
It is possible to use rounded arithmetic to evaluate the exact value of a function with a discrete domain and range . 2
Fashion designers attempt to design clothes which are functional as well as attractive . 2
Dufresne died on 14 June 2014 in New York City at the age of 78 , from cancer . 1
The game ends when a player has no more tiles , and there are no more tiles in the bag . 2
By the end of the year French armies had won victories on all fronts , and as the year closed they began advancing into the Netherlands . 2
The design on the shield shows the sun , also found on the flag , rising from a blue and white sea . 2
Besides material characterization , the material scientist or engineer also deals with extracting materials and converting them into useful forms . 3
The first settlements date from 1500 BC . 1
The labrum is a second kind of cartilage in the shoulder which is distinctly different from the articular cartilage . 3
Although numerous on the small offshore islands , the quokka is classified as vulnerable . 3
The mountain was first surveyed by a European survey team in 1856 . 2
Points and goals will carry over in full from regular season . 2
Much of the range lies in national parks and other protected areas . 2
A rare side effect of propofol is propofol infusion syndrome . 3
The provinces and territories are all sub-divided into regions for a variety of official and unofficial purposes . 2
The unit deals with many water issues in industry and mining . 2
She enjoyed discussing politics with her father , and later with her husband . 2
Like scallops , true oysters have a central adductor muscle , which means the shell has a characteristic central scar marking its point of attachment . 3
As of 2017 , the books had collectively sold more than seven million copies . 2
The convention sets out the definition , rights and duties of statehood . 2
The new flag is a horizontal tricolor flag of yellow , green , and red charged with a five-pointed white star in the middle of the field . 2
The thou is used in engineering and manufacturing mostly . 2
The median income for a household in the city was $ 16,563 , and the median income for a family was $ 33,125 . 2
Very little is known about how long they live . 2
The entire synod is divided into 35 districts , usually representing a specific geographic area . 2
The presidential election was held on 28 October 2007 . 2
Since 17 March 1982 , he has been in a coma following a knee operation . 2
Shanbaug died from pneumonia on 18 May 2015 after being in a persistent vegetative state for nearly 42 years . 3
The only economic activity of importance is agriculture . 2
By the turn of the 3rd millennium , the term bogan came to be employed more favorably to indicate a pride in being rough around the edges . 3
In mathematics all function applications are referentially transparent , by the definition of what constitutes a mathematical function . 3
The town is known for its large originating from a castle built at the beginning of the 13th century . 2
As a former President of Ireland he was given a state funeral . 2
Since the 1970s , sports clubs and federations are organized separately within each language community . 2
Though the plague was worst in London , it also affected other parts of England . 2
Fruit maturity is not always apparent from the outside as the fruits remain green until they are overmature or rotting . 2
The live hour-long series finale aired August 26 at 11 pm and was viewed by 1.003 million people . 2
A strong tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa late on August 20 , and almost convective banding and a broad circulation . 2
Monk parakeets are very intelligent and social birds . 2
Before 2009 , the United States was the leading issuer of IPOs in terms of total value . 2
The channel 's format shows rolling news bulletins , updated every 15 minutes . 2
Before the Romans conquered Britain their land and capital appear to have been part of the territory of the Atrebates . 2
These animals have a long tail , small eyes , and few pectoral - fin radials . 2
The formula is very important because it connects complex numbers and trigonometry . 3
She turned 100 in September 2017 and died on 19 January 2018 in Rome . 2
Gas chromatography is regularly used to describe what is inside a complex sample . 3
Women get more UTIs than men because women have a urethra that is much shorter and closer to the anus . 3
According to legend , one day two hunters were chasing a wild boar . 2
The city has academies of sculpture and fine arts and a museum of statuaries and antiquities . 3
The opposite of a standing start is a rolling start . 2
We can get another proof of the Pythagorean theorem by using similar triangles . 3
Foxes and human beings lived close together in ancient Japan ; this is why there are legends about them . 2
Many right -wing politicians supported the proposal . 2
A hypernym is sometimes also called an umbrella term or a blanket term . 3
People with hepatitis should avoid taking drugs metabolized by the liver . 3
There are several materials used in saws , with each of its own specifications . 2
The value of the Hamiltonian is the total energy of the thing being described . 2
The breed eventually became popular in other European countries as well . 2
The airport has one main passenger terminal , serving scheduled and charter holiday flights . 2
Strong Bad has been one of the most popular characters in the series , and has been well received . 2
According to 2011 census , Vikramasingapuram had a population of 47,241 . 2
In 2018 , there are eleven senators holding ministerial positions and the head of state , the First mayor . 2
He is best known for his 1837 discovery of Purkinje cells , large neurons with many branching dendrites found in the cerebellum . 3
The site has pages on series and tropes . 2
Adults are rarely seen in the open , and often live in burrows that are usually two feet from the surface . 2
It can be made by reacting ammonium nitrate with potassium hydroxide . 3
Lithium carbonate is somewhat toxic . 3
Each course of the university has its own recruitment process , most of the time by a competitive examination . 2
Atomic nuclei are protons and neutrons held together by the nuclear force . 3
Varda died of cancer on 29 March 2019 in Paris , at the age of 90 . 1
There are many different versions of the lyrics to the song . 2
Immediately after their senate confirmation , the emperors proceeded to the Castra Praetoria , the camp of the praetorian guard . 3
When studying human genetic diseases , geneticists often use pedigree charts to represent the inheritance of traits . 3
The agenda for the summit included some issues which remained unresolved from previous summits . 2
He died on 6 January 2015 , aged 82 . 1
The most prevalent transmitter is glutamate , which is excitatory at well over 90 % of the synapses in the human brain . 3
Moody died of natural causes whilst in a London hospital on 11 June 2015 , aged 91 . 2
Construction is expected to begin by 2019 and operations will commence in 3 phases , from 2026 to 2028 . 2
Because ovulation is not always triggered by a single mating , females may not be impregnated by the first male with which they mate . 3
The complex tissue consists of more than one type of cells which work together as a unit . 2
The court has ruled that the $ 2.7 billion in school funding was inadequate and distributed unfairly . 2
Self - assumption of a title is not necessarily illegal . 2
Due to code sharing , a flight may be represented by a series of different flight numbers . 2
The start of the season was unpredictable , with seven different drivers winning the first seven races of the championship ; a record for the series . 2
A point is scored when one team catches the disc in the other team 's end zone . 2
The term originally meant the portions of a log which one had split lengthwise into four or six sections . 2
Inflationary models and the idea of a theory that unifies quantum mechanics and gravity also are discussed in this chapter . 3
With a population of just 17 as of December 2004 , it is the smallest municipality in Switzerland . 2
Hummingbird beaks are flexible and their shapes vary dramatically as an adaptation for specialized feeding . 3
The leaders of colonial America in the 1760s and 1770s read history carefully . 2
There are a number of different methods for preparing a sugar-based rocket propellant . 2
The flattened bodies of stingrays allow them to effectively conceal themselves in their environments . 3
Visibility of less than 100 m is usually reported as zero . 2
After more than 40 movies , she ended her movie career in 1928 at the early age of 13 . 2
Much of the railway track and rolling stock is in need of repair or replacement . 2
52 big aftershocks , ranging in size from 4.4 to 6.0 , were recorded within 72 hours of the main tremor . 2
The new house seats 1,750 and is elliptical in shape with a large orchestra level and 37 boxes around its perimeter . 3
Currently , 244 countries and territories have official ISO 3166 - 1 codes . 2
The image below presents outdated usage of various video game content rating systems around the world . 2
The head and thorax are white and the abdomen is yellow - orange with a row of black spots . 3
Health care for homeless people is a major public health challenge . 2
Eventually , because of Rome , the art of baking became known in Europe . 2
A total of 47 countries entered the qualification . 2
The river 's total length is 2400 km and its drainage basin totals 534739 km2 in area . 2
On August 10 , a day of memorials began peacefully . 1
Inglese suffered a traumatic brain injury in an apparent fall in a stairwell sustained on July 17 , 2019 . 2
Casting has begun for a second season . 1
As a class one type clone , 47 was genetically enhanced in order to perform physical tasks much more efficiently than an average human . 2
Ditko was found unresponsive in his apartment in New York City on June 29 , 2018 . 2
It can sometimes be difficult to distinguish anaphylaxis from asthma , syncope , and panic attacks . 3
The group also had success in the United States . 1
A few block ciphers , such as RC5 , support a variable block size . 2
The material scientist / engineer also deals with the extraction of materials and their conversion into useful forms . 2
Rat snakes are commonly kept as pets by reptile enthusiasts . 2
Apart from giving donations to major educational institutions throughout India , he introduced many educational reforms during his reign . 2
Most victims of the genocide were killed in their own villages . 2
Bangladesh is used to move narcotics made in neighboring countries . 2
In 1989 , the satellite Hipparcos was launched primarily for obtaining improved parallaxes and proper motions for over 100,000 nearby stars , increasing the reach of the method tenfold . 2
Canada is a federation composed of ten provinces and three territories . 2
Palladium nitrate may be prepared by dissolving palladium oxide hydrate in dilute nitric acid , followed by crystallization . 3
He is the only member of the Seven Lucky Gods credited with the ability to revive the dead . 2
In 2010 , there was an estimated 8,638 Kayapo people , which is an increase from 7,096 in 2003 . 2
Most Old World Warblers are of generally unseparate appearances . 3
A dialdehyde is an organic chemical compound with two aldehyde groups . 3
The film received negative reviews from critics . 2
Short 's unsolved murder and the details surrounding it have had a lasting cultural intrigue , generating various theories and public speculation . 3
The fallout of the weakening rhythm game market affected game developers , publishers and distributors . 3
Tonic immobility has also been said to occur in humans that are subject to intense trauma , such as rape or sexual assault . 3
In the natural sciences , gradualism is a theory that profound change is the product of slow but continuous processes . 3
She died on June 9 , 2014 , at the age of 103 . 1
For road bicycle racing enthusiasts , the mountain can be climbed by three roads . 2
The first two were rarely used except by clipper ships in light winds . 2
Net Applications bases its usage share on statistics from 40,000 websites having around 160 million unique visitors per month . 2
When writing currency amounts the location of the symbol varies by currency . 2
All aerobic organisms produce CO2 when they oxidize carbohydrates , fatty acids , and proteins in the mitochondria of cells . 3
The movie is about aliens who want to stop humans from creating a weapon that will destroy the universe . 2
In Australia , any stillborn fetus that weighs more than 400 grams and lived in the mother for more than 20 weeks must be reported to the government . 3
No firm dates can be assigned to this Emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 507 to 531 . 3
The dessert is believed to have been created in honor of the dancer either during or after one of her tours to Australia and New Zealand in the 1920s . 2
The vast majority of tin whistles are in D , since they are often used in music with fiddles . 2
While there are many alternative treatments used for the common cold , there is insufficient scientific evidence to support the use of most . 2
The quarter has a population 19,921 and an area of 2.46 km 1
Military decorations , service awards , and medals are often mistakenly confused with one another . 2
Postum is an instant type of coffee substitute made from roasted wheat bran , wheat and molasses . 3
Mycobacterial infections are difficult to treat . 3
The gymnosperms and angiosperms together compose the spermatophytes or seed plants . 3
The posture of these dinosaurs has long been the subject of some debate . 2
The region is famous for its beautiful palm beaches . 2
Individuals in this section have expressed an interest in running for president within the last six months . 2
Most commercial fisheries do not want to catch Alaska plaice ; but many are caught by trawlers trying to catch other bottom fish . 3
Even though later astronomers tried to find it again , it has not been reliably seen since . 2
All participants are timed or have a distance measured and this is their end result . 2
The textile and manufacturing sectors across Scotland suffered significant decline in the post-war period and in particular from the 1960s , in the face of greater foreign competition . 2
Geordi was born blind and must wear a VISOR to help him see . 2
The above arguments hold in any ring . 2
Since 2006 , the duo has been seen frequently on variety shows and pursued individual careers . 2
This first movement is in sonata-allegro form . 2
They controlled the life and destiny of everyone . 2
Some species of starfish can regenerate lost arms . 2
In the late 1950s , he studied cinema in France . 2
The frequency chosen for measuring candelas is in the visible spectrum near green . 2
Other types of anal carcinoma are adenocarcinoma , lymphoma , sarcoma or melanoma . 3
The gestation period for cats is about two months , with an average length of 66 days . 2
The shell colouration also keeps the animal cryptic in the water . 3
All 16 - bit programs run by default in a single virtual DOS machine with shared memory space . 2
The mast cell is very similar in both appearance and function to the basophil , a type of white blood cell . 2
Freud did not believe in the existence of a supernatural force which has pre-programmed us to behave in a certain way . 2
It was built in 1718 but destroyed by an earthquake a short time later . 1
The crustal portions of oceanic tectonic plates are composed predominantly of basalt , produced from upwelling mantle below , the ocean ridges . 3
Since 2002 , subtropical storms have been assigned names from the predetermined list of names used for tropical cyclones . 3
Often , different people want different trophic states . 2
Many countries also have their own exams . 2
Bear is often classified as a hard science fiction author due to the level of scientific detail in his work . 2
Modern exact cladistic analyses have not been conclusive . 3
Following two major accidents in 2002 and 2003 , one of the main issues in safety has been at the corner 130R . 2
The standard shape for pyrohy is oblong with tapering ends , but rectangular or circular pyrohy are also common . 3
Balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method thought to prevent lightning strikes to ships . 2
Upon starting the game for the first time , the player is allowed to create an avatar . 2
He died of pneumonia and heart failure on 7 January 2018 , aged 61 . 2
Problem gamblers have more suicidal ideation and make more suicide attempts compared to the general population . 2
In 1993 the team again achieved success in the national championship road race in Germany . 2
Because he always needed money , he raised taxes and sold towns . 2
Most myosin molecules are composed of a head , neck , and tail domain . 2
The symmetry operations can be represented in many ways . 2
The book describes how the relationship between insects and plants resulted in the beautiful and complex forms which natural theology attributed to a grand designer . 2
When players encounter enemies in either scripted events or random encounters , they enter a battle mode . 2
It had a population of 852 according to the 2001 census . 2
Large amounts of food waste can occur at any stage in the process of producing food . 2
Collagen is the main protein of connective tissue in animals and the most abundant protein in mammals , making up about 25 % of the total protein content . 2
The adaptation covers eight of the 24 tales and contains abundant nudity , sex and slapstick humor . 3
In the northwestern hills of the state , there are more northern - hardwood type trees . 2
Rottnest is one of the few areas in the world where the native quokka can be found . 2
Further anatomical study led him to the conclusion that 'individual Africans differ as much , or even more , from other Africans as from Europeans ' . 2
A week after impact , food is in very short supply across the entire planet . 2
The fact that living things inherit traits from their parents has been known since prehistoric times , and used to improve crop plants and animals through selective breeding . 2
In the past , chikungunya existed mostly in developing countries . 2
Gummatous syphilis can happen anywhere from one to 46 years after the person first got syphilis . 3
The historical journal , a forum where academic historians could exchange ideas and publish newly discovered information , came into being in the 19th century . 2
The frog has a few native predators , among them snakes and birds . 2
The dough is an ordinary bread dough , usually with yeast as a leavening agent but baking powder may also be used . 2
Tunnels are dug in types of materials varying from soft clay to hard rock . 2
These observances are controlled by the government , but are not observed as holidays . 2
The mechanism of sound masking can be explained by analogy with light . 2
The poem is sarcastically laughing at the epic world of the gods . 3
Natural selection has driven the origination and diversification of the toxins to counter the defenses of their prey . 2
The service sector makes up most of the local economy . 2
Many cultures hold some food preferences and some food taboos . 2
Commodus also had a passion for gladiatorial combat , which he took so far as to take to the arena himself , dressed as a secutor . 3
Critics found battle too easy and cut-scenes dialog too long . 2
While the movie is widely said to be a classic comedy today , critical reaction was mixed when the movie was first released . 2
Negative one has some similar properties as positive one . 2
Over the generations the family members have resided in some notable historic homes . 2
The costly foundation works caused the budget to be exceeded , and the building stopped in 1827 , only to be resumed in 1833 . 2
There is no connection between the shape of a bacterium and its color in the Gram staining . 2
Main industries in the province are mining , agriculture and fishing . 2
Despite no longer being in widespread use , the rod is still employed in certain specialized fields . 2
The witches are sitting round a cauldron in a dark cave . 2
Dugongs and other sirenians are not closely related to other marine mammals , being more related to elephants . 3
Modern ketchup emerged in the early years of the 20th century , out of a debate over the use of sodium benzoate as a preservative in condiments . 3
At first , historical linguistics was comparative linguistics . 2
In this version , the wrestler either starts by lying down or dropping down on the mat while the opponent stands near to their head . 2
Birdsong was killed in a car crash on June 4 , 2019 at the age of 59 . 2
The President 's role is largely ceremonial as in many parliamentary democracies . 2
The idea of the historical journal , a forum where academic historians could exchange ideas , came into being in the nineteenth century . 2
A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 9 . 2
Scholars ' rocks can be any color , and contrasting colors are not uncommon . 2
Although it is toxic in large doses , selenium is an essential micronutrient for animals . 3
Little was achieved this day . 2
Before the Roman conquest their land and capital appear to have been part of the territory of the Atrebates , possibly as part of a confederation of tribes . 3
The strong interaction is often thought to be controlled by gluons , which ' glue ' quarks together through the strong force . 3
A second , slightly revised edition was republished in 1958 . 2
Ballet died on January 2 , 2017 , at the age of 88 . 1
Statistically speaking , elevators are extremely safe . 2
The friction between the ropes and the pulley furnishes the traction which gives this type of lift its name . 2
The dusty halo seen in images is sizeable , being around 2000 km in lengthwise extent . 3
No firm dates can be assigned to this Emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 410 to 453 . 2
Cicely leaves are sometimes used as a herb , with a strong taste of anise . 2
Drumming is the central element of pungmul . 2
During mating season , the salamanders travel upstream , where the female lays two strings of over 200 eggs each . 2
Black powder is the oldest type of mixed rocket fuel . 2
Upon its grand opening , the armory 's size seemed inadequate for a work force . 3
The three species of green mambas are arboreal , whereas the black mamba is largely terrestrial . 3
Some computer languages and the IEEE 754 - 2008 standard dictate that in straightforward calculations , the result should not be rounded twice . 3
A table comparing sensorineural to conductive hearing loss 3
The following tables summarize the usage share of all browsers for the indicated months . 2
At least four contractors ' locomotives were used for construction . 2
Immediately after their senate confirmation , the emperors went to the camp of the praetorian guard . 2
Axial compressors are dynamic rotating compressors that use arrays of fan-like airfoils to progressively compress a fluid . 3
Smoked and salted cod roe paste , commonly served as sandwich topping is popular in Sweden . 2
A didgeridoo is a type of musical instrument that , according to western musicological classification , falls into the category of aerophone . 3
Blackmail is an indictable -only offence . 2
It was elevated to the category of municipal district on May 1 , 2003 . 2
Heather is an important food source for various sheep and deer which can graze the tips of the plants when snow covers low growing vegetation . 2
Some adults travel to other countries to have access to sex with children , which is unavailable in their home country . 2
Music Theory is examined through written papers . 2
The province is divided into 6 districts and 12 municipalities . 1
Greek philosophy is one of the foundations of Western culture . 2
Two soundtrack albums were released , with the second coming after the huge success of the first one . 2
The related term homodesmotic reaction also takes into account orbital hybridization and in addition there is no change in the number of carbon to hydrogen bonds . 3
The film received generally favorable reviews . 2
Regardless of the venue , musicians usually perform on a stage . 2
Color blindness is typically an inherited genetic disorder . 3
SIDS happens more in infants of mothers who smoke while they are pregnant . 2
The mouse - like hamsters are not real hamsters , although they look like hamsters . 2
Amateur radio operators talk to each other in many ways . 2
Many foods can trigger anaphylaxis ; this may occur upon the first known ingestion . 3
The band has seen many personnel changes . 2
A free man usually became a serf because he owed a large debt . 2
16 - bit programs run separately within one 32 - bit NTVDM process . 2
Different filters are used to select the wavelength of light which the solution absorbs the most . 2
In some non-mammal species , including fish and birds , the tectum is one of the largest components of the brain . 2
Nanomaterials can be classified in 0D , 1D , 2D and 3D nanomaterials . 3
Pots , traditionally made of terracotta but now more commonly plastic , and window boxes have been the most commonly seen . 2
In November 2017 , another ballot issue was voted on whether to dissolve the city . 2
Construction began on January 5 , 1933 and was finished in April 1937 . 1
There are two practices of balancing a chemical equation . 2
Most forms of leukemia are treated with pharmaceutical medication , typically combined into a multi-drug chemotherapy regimen . 3
Correlation diagrams connect the molecular orbitals of the reactant to those of the product having the same symmetry . 3
Alekhine was known for his attacking style : he was good at turning an initiative into a win . 2
Note in the graphic the strong 100,000 year periodicity of the cycles , and the striking asymmetry of the curves . 3
After a virus has made many copies of itself , it has usually exhausted the cell of its resources . 2
African elephants receive some legal protection in every country where they are found . 2
Frequently two types of sports competition are played in this rural community . 2
Iola has hot , humid summers and generally mild to cool winters . 2
Another example of gorillas ' significant intelligence is their ability to comprehend simple sign language . 2
There are five living former presidents . 2
New Zealand is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy , although its constitution is not codified . 3
Outside the walls of Rome , the powers of the consuls were far more extensive in their role as commanders - in- chief of all Roman legions . 2
Ammunition makers often offer several bullet weights and types for a given cartridge . 2
The mountain was first surveyed by a European team in 1856 . 2
It is difficult to nominate exactly when naturism started as a movement . 2
The city government consists of mayor who is elected at large and five member city council who are each elected from a district . 2
The second phase of the project was refused planning consent in 2014 due to concerns over the impact on sea birds . 2
Some patients arrive at an emergency department for a complaint of mental illness . 2
They controlled the mother thread of life of every mortal from birth to death . 2
Bat : The bat used by the offense can be made out of wood or aluminum or other composite materials , such as carbon fiber . 2
Logarithms have many properties . 2
The song received generally positive reviews from music critics . 2
Grand Total 12,850,814 gross tons 2
Traditional western music generally uses seven tones , and repeats at the octave . 2
Angling is the main method of sport fishing . 2
Ragtime fell out of favor as jazz claimed the public 's imagination after 1917 , but there have been numerous revivals since . 2
In the event the electron absorbs a quantity of energy less than the binding energy , it will transition to an excited state . 2
Example code in the C programming language is shown below . 2
Almost all wattles have cream to golden flowers . 2
In 1984 , when Tjapaltjarri was about 25 , he finally came into contact people from outside his family . 2
Eventually , the caldera cooled , allowing rain and snow to accumulate and form a lake . 2
Traditional areas such as forestry and agriculture are still important . 2
Occasionally a nova is bright enough and close enough to be seen by the unaided eye . 2
The average age of the current Earth 's continental crust has been estimated to be about 2.0 billion years . 2
The island is also increasingly used as a venue for private events both large and small . 2
Cold seeps develop unique topography over time , where reactions between methane and seawater create carbonate rock formations and reefs . 3
Sedimentary rocks cover up to 75 % of the Earth 's surface , record much of the Earth 's history , and harbor the fossil record . 3
The garrison were auxiliaries , Roman infantry or cavalry units , not parts of Roman legions . 3
Although this shark is a bottom-dweller and appears harmless , it can inflict painful lacerations if provoked , due to its powerful jaws and sharp teeth . 3
During the twelfth century the area was marshland . 2
As the century progressed , tomato ketchup began its ascent in popularity in the United States . 2
Surface integrals have applications in physics , particularly with the theories of classical electromagnetism . 3
He worked with major scientific figures and travelers on projects involving their studies . 2
In the past , ten subspecies of the dholes were recognized . 2
The experiment began late July 2009 . 1
While there is talk of making blue LEDs from zinc oxide , ceramicists are most interested in the electrical properties that show grain boundary effects . 3
Below is a list of longest reigning cruiserweight champions in boxing measured by the player 's longest reign . 2
As of , there are eight living former Prime Ministers of Egypt , as seen below . 2
Skipper died of complications caused by a stroke on 23 April 2019 , at the age of 61 . 2
The body wall consists of a thin syncitial layer , which secretes a tough cuticle ; this is molted several times while growing to adulthood . 3
Hubs can be used for : Historically , the main reason for purchasing hubs rather than switches was their price . 2
Wind chill numbers are always lower than the actual outside temperature . 2
In a synchronous stream cipher , the sender and receiver must be exactly in step for decryption to be successful . 3
As many as 5,000 heat - related deaths were reported in the United States , and 780 direct and 400 indirect deaths in Canada . 2
The top two placed teams from each of the eight groups qualified for the knockout stage . 2
Earlier during the day , two attempts were made by Dutch battalions to carry out an attack against the western flank of the German perimeter . 3
Peer-reviewed test methods have been published by government agencies and private research organizations . 2
Many projects have attempted to bridge the gap in knowledge caused by the Zone of Avoidance . 3
There has been much debate among taxonomists about which races of pocket gopher should be recognized as full species . 3
Boomerang coasters have occasionally stalled , often in the Cobra Roll element . 2
As an architectural ornament , spires are most consistently found on Christian churches , where they replace the steeple . 3
Coagulation is highly conserved throughout biology . 3
Both of these calculations can be computed efficiently using the square- and - multiply algorithm for . 2
The least skipper can be found in damp or wet habitats with tall grasses . 2
Much of the classical guitar repertoire is in E minor , as this is a very natural key for the instrument . 3
Cenotes are surface connections to underground water bodies . 2
It is made by reacting sodium carbonate with silver nitrate . 3
Between 1991 and 1994 , several accidental and unrelated employee deaths happened . 2
Boiling tubes are made from borosilicate glass that can withstand high temperatures . 2
Following people were members . 1
There are three generalized categories in which amnesia could be acquired by a person . 3
At present , over 700 teachers work at the departments of the university . 2
Pumice is created when super-heated , highly pressurized rock is violently ejected from a volcano . 3
Peret died in Barcelona in 2014 from lung cancer , aged 79 . 2
Most scallops are filter feeders . 2
Each V1 sends information to two primary pathways , called the ventral stream and the dorsal stream . 3
In the Baroque period , music in C minor was usually written with a two -flat key signature , and some modern editions of that repertoire retain that convention . 2
People who are allergic to wasp venom are also allergic to hornet stings . 3
Using the residue theorem , we can evaluate closed contour integrals . 3
There are 12 described genera and 43 described species of erinaceid . 2
The silvertip shark is a robust and streamlined species with a moderately long , broad snout and large , round eyes . 3
The basic equation of radiometric dating requires that neither the parent nuclide nor the daughter product can enter or leave the material after its formation . 3
It was built in 1909 . 1
Its name was announced as Thrym in IAU Circular 8177 . 2
Dissenting opinions are normally written at the same time as the majority opinion and any concurring opinions , and are also delivered and published at the same time . 2
A mud volcano may be the result of a piercement structure created by a pressurized mud diapir that breaches the Earth 's surface or ocean bottom . 2
Palladium nitrate may be prepared by dissolving palladium oxide hydrate in dilute nitric acid followed by crystallization . 3
Nazi Germany attacked the Netherlands in May 1940 . 2
The club have had a number of different kit manufacturers since the 1970s . 2
These somewhat abstract concerns tend to determine some but not all details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers actually meet and commit to trade . 2
There are many exceptions to this rule , however . 2
Groups of galaxies are the smallest aggregates of galaxies . 2
Kalpokas died after following days ill health on 20 March 2019 , at the age of 75 . 2
Dodder can be identified by its thin stems appearing leafless , with the leaves reduced to minute scales . 2
The meaning of this title has been disputed . 2
There are two versions of the anthem : a long and a short one . 2
16 - bit applications all run in their own thread within a single preemptively multithreaded 32 - bit NTVDM process . 3
A lineworker generally does outdoor installation and maintenance jobs . 2
Bullet designs have to solve two main problems . 2
Until the 1990s , historical analysis of the events remained superficial because of official censorship and lack of academic interest . 3
Is responsible for emulating realistic laws of physics within the application . 2
In men , as in women , there are a number of physical factors that may cause sexual discomfort . 2
For people who are unwilling or unable to take medication regularly , long-acting depot preparations of antipsychotics may be used to achieve control . 3
The total cost of a cochlear implant in the United States was about $ 100,000 in 2017 . 2
This list is in chronological order across the table by genus . 2
Performance changes were made to speed up tasks across supported iOS devices . 2
This technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of holes of decreasing size . 2
Police arrested four men in connection with the attacks . 2
It currently has articles , making it the 18th largest Wikipedia by article count . 2
All five subspecies of the mourning dove look similar and cannot be told apart easily . 2
The train may sometimes experience a rollback after it is launched . 2
Consider a hypothetical hotel with a countably infinite number of rooms , all of which are occupied . 3
Though he experimented in many styles of art , his unique talent was landscape painting . 2
M82 is being physically affected by its larger neighbor , the spiral M81 . 2
Most people with trichomoniasis do not have any symptoms . 3
Instant messaging allows instantaneous communication between a number of parties simultaneously , by transmitting information quickly and efficiently , featuring immediate receipt of acknowledgment or reply . 3
There are 128 ships or shipwrecks that are NHLs . 2
In 1839 smallpox killed many of the people who lived in the area . 2
This changed how dinosaurs are seen by both professional dinosaur illustrators , and by the public . 2
Differentiated plant cells generally cannot divide or produce cells of a different type . 2
At least two schools of researchers have proposed that dromaeosaurids may actually be descended from flying ancestors . 3
Thus , we can evaluate a contour integral of the fourth dimension . 2
Pelvis can mean the lower part of the trunk of the human body , between the abdomen and the thighs . 3
In order to judge if a language is actually endangered , the number of speakers is less important than the distribution among age cohorts . 2
The species has been introduced to the United States and New Zealand . 2
The movie got very bad reviews from movie critics . 1
People first began using weather charts in a modern way in the mid-19th century . 2
There is no evidence that pedophilia can be cured . 3
Naturally occurring cadmium is composed of 8 isotopes . 2
The next step is to make notches every foot or two of the log . 2
Patients come to an emergency department with little warning . 2
Tropical Depression Two -E started on June 16 from a tropical wave . 2
Treatment for cerebrovascular disease may include medication , lifestyle changes and / or surgery , depending on the cause . 3
A large synchrotron laboratory will have many beamlines , each optimized for a particular field of research . 3
Alsop died after a short illness on 12 May 2018 at the age of 70 . 2
Oxygen is very reactive and must be kept away from anything that can burn . 2
Cyclothymia is classified in DSM - 5 as a subtype of bipolar disorder . 3
Performance improvements are sometimes delivered via wide area file services or WAN optimization . 2
Sometimes , a train does not have enough speed to make it over the 215 ft top hat element . 2
Parkinson 's disease can cause the brain to not respond . 2
After New Zealand abolished its provinces in 1876 , a system of counties similar to other countries ' systems was instituted , lasting until 1989 . 3
Statistical hypothesis testing is based on the assessment of differences and similarities between frequency distributions . 2
Jaspillite is also formed as exhalative chemical sediments in certain lead-zinc ore deposits , and as a hydrothermal alteration facies around submarine volcanism . 3
Badgers have rather short , wide bodies , with short legs for digging . 2
Common ostriches normally spend the winter months in pairs or alone . 2
Twenty - eight merchant ships laden with more than 34000 ST of cargo were sunk or destroyed ; three ships carrying a further 7500 ST were later salvaged . 3
The chemosynthetic bacteria grow into a thick mat which attracts other organisms , such as amphipods and copepods , which graze upon the bacteria directly . 3
The airport has one main passenger terminal , serving all scheduled and charter holiday flights . 2
Go - Toba took the throne at the age of three . 2
Unlike conductive hearing loss , sensorineural hearing loss is permanent . 3
While a computer program is a passive collection of instructions , a process is the actual execution of those instructions . 2
Obligate anaerobes may use fermentation or anaerobic respiration . 3
The restoration even includes the same type of television . 2
Japan has had more than one system for designating years . 2
Throughout the campus , many fountains provide white noise as a background . 2
These mountains are a popular tourist attraction . 2
In 1867 , the town had a boom in population when gold and silver were found in the area . 2
Pippi is an unusual and spirited nine-year- old girl . 2
Minerals are naturally occurring solids formed through various geological processes under high pressures . 2
The church was destroyed by a fire on 12 November 2001 . 1
Secondary structure refers to highly regular local sub-structures on the actual polypeptide backbone chain . 2
Under standard conditions , potassium bromide is a white crystalline powder . 3
Later during the 20th century , the concept of pteridosperms was expanded to include various Mesozoic groups of seed plants with fern-like fronds . 3
American Bobtails are playful , social and moderately energetic . 2
On an international basis , poets may submit their poems . 2
A urinary tract infection in the lower urinary tract is known as a bladder infection . 3
Silenti was struck by a car on 31 October 2014 in Rome , Italy . 1
Modern ketchup emerged in the early years of the 20th century . 2
Modern imitation vellum is made from plasticized rag cotton or fibers from interior tree bark . 3
Modern Japan is divided into 47 prefectures . 2
Gunfire can be confused with other noises that can sound similar , such as firework explosions and cars backfiring . 2
Test pilots must know about aerospace engineering in order to know how and why planes are tested . 2
Most species eat small invertebrates picked out of mud or exposed soil . 2
Two major special operations were planned for the attack . 2
Handbooks may have information about any topic , and are mostly guides of information in a special field or about a special method . 2
There are usually fewer state senators than there are members in a state 's lower house . 2
The inclination of Earth 's orbit drifts up and down relative to its present orbit . 2
There are several methods that can be used to solve a Rubik 's Revenge . 2
Before contact with Europeans , the indigenous peoples of North America were divided into many different polities , from small bands of a few families to large empires . 2
The typical elements of caper stories are humor , adventure , or unusual cleverness or audacity . 3
Much of the city is located on a low range of hills running parallel to the coast . 2
There are a variety of symptoms that have may cause sensory overload . 2
At the base of the bacterial flagellum , where it enters the cell membrane , a motor protein acts as a rotary engine . 3
A waggle dance consists of one to 100 or more circuits , each of which consists of two phases : the waggle phase and the return phase . 2
Making use of dyes he was able to find a structure which he named chromatin . 3
People with hepatitis A should rest , drink a lot of water and avoid alcohol . 2
All the seeds made it through the first round without incident . 2
The Japanese government continues to search for and retrieve the remains of Japanese military personnel who were killed during the battle . 2
The swimming competition was held in the open sea because the organizers had refused to spend the money necessary for a specially constructed stadium . 2
In some cases , voice- tracking is done in order to give station employees the flexibility to carry out other responsibilities . 2
Upon receiving its classification , the depression consisted of a partially exposed low-level center with deep convection occupying the northeastern semicircle . 2
Of knightly extraction , it has proofs of its nobility going back as far as 1265 . 3
As of 2011 , about one hundred medications are in development for hepatitis C. 3
Mehr was then nominated by the Prime Minister to serve as the Minister of Finance . 2
Because there were no international regulations , each ship was left to develop its own practices . 2
Multi-use tickets allow travel more than once . 2
Human behavior is believed to be influenced by the endocrine system and the nervous system . 2
The flavor of matcha is dominated by its amino acids . 2
Grooves are used for several purposes in cabinet making and other woodworking fields . 2
Shepodd died on August 16 , 2017 at his London , England home at the age of 92 . 1
Parish councils are run by volunteer councilors who are elected to serve for four years and are not paid . 2
The seventeenth century saw a culinary revolution which transported French gastronomy into the modern era . 3
Barium bromide can be made by reacting barium carbonate with hydrobromic acid . 3
The 2016 census found that 51.3 % of residents spoke English , and 21.3 % spoke French , as their main language . 2
Buildings in the Romanesque style have very thick walls and round arches , Castles and churches or cathedrals were built in this style . 2
Castration is commonly performed on domestic animals not intended for breeding . 2
It also displays facsimiles of the Erfurt Hebrew Manuscripts , a collection of significant religious texts dating from the 12th - 14th century . 2
Computational chemistry looks at both static and dynamic systems . 3
They are usually in pairs or small noisy groups of 10 to 30 . 2
More than 470 species of birds have been identified in the park , many of which are migrants . 2
The sea has a number of reefs , islands where no one lives and significant hydrocarbon reserves . 2
As chainsaw carving has become more popular , chainsaw manufacturers are making special short , narrow -tipped bars for carving . 2
Newspaper 's revenue from classifieds advertisements is decreasing continually as internet classifieds grow . 2
The only time a female flying lizard ventures to the ground is when she is ready to lay her eggs . 2
On the day of her death she was reported to have held hands with her twin brother as she walked to her death . 2
As chess became more popular in the second half of the 19th century , the term began to be given out by organizations . 2
They also make some soft drinks . 1
Tsetse have an unusual lifecycle which may be due to the richness of their food source . 2
This table gives a summary of the differences between the different Schedules . 2
A move in which a wrestler jumps from the top turnbuckle , top rope or the apron landing one knee across a supine opponent . 2
After his retirement he wrote other chess books , but he was no longer up to date with new ideas . 2
The show was able to help launch the characters into more mainstream popularity and it became one of the most popular animated series in television history . 2
New Zealand is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy . 3
The most important part of the temple was the sanctuary . 2
Children 's literature can be divided into several categories , but it is most easily categorized by genre or the intended age of the reader . 2
Many types of ducks and geese share the same habitat , have overlapping or identical hunting seasons , and are hunted using the same methods . 2
In 1964 and 1965 , 12 rockets were launched from Carnarvon to a maximum altitude of 120 km . 2
Up to five players can play at a time . 1
The city is divided into two parts by the river Ebro . 1
In most cases , control engineers make use of feedback when designing control systems . 2
The meaning and intent are sometimes mirrored in different terms . 2
Since hummingbirds are specialized nectar-eaters , they are tied to the bird- flowers they feed upon . 2
Protostars are young objects that have not yet completed the process of contraction from a gas nebula to a veritable star . 3
Financial maths is the study of maths for financial markets . 2
Rooth died in Sweden on 27 February 1972 at the age of 83 . 1
The nipples of nursing mothers naturally make a lubricant to prevent drying , cracking , or infections . 3
Surface integrals have applications in physics , particularly with the classical theory of electromagnetism . 3
The cause of the vibrations during the first stage of the flight was well known . 2
By 1924 , these local magazines eventually closed down . 2
Thirty of the soundtrack 's songs feature vocals . 2
Australia 's many outside territories follow their own time zones . 2
Rainbands that form near and ahead of cold fronts can be squall lines which can produce tornadoes . 2
There are no records of any military related acts in his time in which he participated . 2
Producing an image from a diffraction pattern requires sophisticated mathematics . 2
The town was founded in 1828 and incorporated as a city in 1875 . 2
Failure rates are important factors in the insurance , finance , commerce and regulatory industries and fundamental to the design of safe systems in a wide variety of applications . 2
The economic impact of the common cold is not well understood in much of the world . 2
Children of women with GDM have an increased risk for childhood and adult obesity and an increased risk of glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes later in life . 3
In 2010 , the band played in more than 150 concerts all over Europe . 1
They differ from giraffes as their ossicones are from different bones . 2
After the heavy losses in the battle , people questioned why the US went into the battle . 2
The tombstones use to have some inscriptions . 2
When they are ready to reproduce , the adults are released from the host , and sperm from the males penetrates the bodies of the females to achieve fertilization . 3
At first , during the 1820s and 1830s , she composed exclusively for the piano . 2
Leopoldo Alas remains a rather enigmatic figure in the Spanish literary world , leaving a legacy that encouraged the search for God and humanism simultaneously . 3
Cooling is when an object gets cold , or lowers in temperature . 2
It is the smallest of its genus and has many primitive viverrid characteristics which are lost in the larger species . 3
Suspects have been named by law enforcement and amateur investigators , mainly led by Dave Toschi , but no conclusive evidence has surfaced . 2
Crombie 's family announced on April 18 , 2015 that he had died suddenly three days earlier of a brain hemorrhage in New York City . 2
Many of the existing plant and most animal species have apparently undergone polyploidization in their evolutionary history . 3
The western grey kangaroo is one of the largest kangaroos . 2
The walls of the bunker were 1.5 metres thick and it could almost withstand a direct hit from a 300 lb bomb . 2
Operators also check clothing for foreign objects before placing them into the machine . 2
A DVD of the first series was released on 19 September 2005 , however there is still no word of series two on DVD . 2
A number of antivirals have been tested for effectiveness in the common cold . 3
As a result the two worlds collide and it seems they are doomed by circumstance . 2
The structure of courts and the methods of selecting judges is determined by each state 's constitution or legislature . 2
The barn owls ' main characteristic is the heart- shaped facial disc , formed by stiff feathers which serve to amplify and locate the source of sounds when hunting . 2
The goatse . cx domain name was reportedly sold at an auction on April 30 , 2007 to an unknown bidder . 3
Located on the hillside , the palace was considered crucial in establishing control in the early days of the kingdom . 2
During an autopsy , bruises accompanying abrasions indicate the abrasions occurred while the person was alive , as opposed to damage that occurred after death 3
Before the event went live on pay-per-view , an 18 - man interpromotional battle royal was held . 3
Angling is the principal method of sport fishing , but commercial fisheries also use angling methods such as longlining or trolling . 3
In four U.S. states , the child is allowed to start a wrongful life cause of action for damages . 2
These beetles are considered rare . 2
The interior also contained a pegboard chess board connected to a pantograph -style series of levers that controlled the model 's left arm . 2
One of the most notable characteristics of those dormice that live in temperate zones is hibernation . 3
Killer whales are the largest extant members of the dolphin family . 2
Gathering is the traditional job of the women and children . 2
It is named because it is close and looks like the Great Sandy Desert , but it is much smaller . 2
Many experimental programmes have been run on the C651 cars , including the past program . 3
According to Statistics Canada , the county has a total area of 2004.44 km2 . 1
On April 3 , 2005 , Blight disappeared . 1
The violin is played either seated or standing up . 2
There are many ways to define the size of a cluster and distance between clusters . 2
Reading Time is designed to help students having a good reading habit . 2
Epictetus taught that philosophy is a way of life and not just a theoretical discipline . 3
Starting in 1941 , all entering students had to be high school graduates . 2
The game has two types of single - player gameplay including a strategic map and battle mode . 2
Butter cakes are often made by beating the butter and sugar until fluffy . 2
In 2007 , the club began to play floorball . 1
The tightened security made things very hard for the German soldiers to move about , and a number of them were captured . 2
Drops are types of moves where a wrestlers either jumps or falls down onto their opponent on the floor and lands with a specific part of the body . 2
He was educated at the Jesuit college in Rome . 2
With their long velar filaments deployed , vampire squids have been observed drifting along in the deep , black ocean currents . 3
Hawks , like most vertebrates , have four types of color receptors in the eye . 3
Two of the largest known impact events on Earth happened during the Orosirian . 2
C- type asteroids are very dark with albedos usually in the 0.03 to 0.10 range . 3
Over 120 species of cuttlefish are currently recognized , grouped into six families . 2
Routers connect two or more networks and direct traffic between them . 2
In most parts of the world , dial - up service was the most common way of connecting to the internet in the late 20th century . 2
Sometimes , voice- tracking is done so that people can do other jobs . 1
Plants and animals living in the desert need special adaptations to survive in the harsh environment . 2
The number of stillbirths in the United States is about 1 in 115 births , which is about 26,000 a year , or one every 20 minutes . 2
The districts were abolished per 3 October 2015 . 2
Sucre was killed on June 4 , 1830 . 1
This list is arranged by the place the river drains . 2
Polderization and occasional flooding have created salt marsh meadows . 3
So , geneticists and primatologists have used genetic analyses to determine the relatedness between primate lines and when they diverged . 3
Since rabbits are prey animals , they are careful in open spaces . 2
The game 's multiplayer is planned to allow 64 players . 2
See : List of famous Bajan people 2
The conversion from hexadecimal to binary is equally direct . 3
Less commonly , decapitation can also refer to the removal of the head from a body that is already dead . 3
Police officers patrol the trains and stations , and police posts are available at some stations . 2
As the evolution of artillery continued , almost all guns of any size became capable of being moved at some speed . 2
The city was first incorporated in 1872 , but the charter was voided as illegal , and the city was re-incorporated in March 1873 . 2
Following its discovery , Mab was given the temporary designation S / 2003 U 1 . 2
He went to a religious school where the students often did n't have enough to eat . 2
Before the 21st century , the evolutionary history of the flying squirrel was often debated . 2
A tropical wave moved off the western coast of Africa on September 12 . 2
The islet is noted for its large gannet colony . 2
A radar gun , used to measure the speed of cars or balls in sports , is usually calibrated with tuning forks . 2
The final was held on 24 May 2008 . 1
Most Irish people who came to the United States during the 1800s lived in big cities where there were many other Irish people . 2
The assessment of job satisfaction through employee anonymous surveys became commonplace in the 1930s . 2
A testing dipstick is usually made of paper or cardboard and is impregnated with reagents that indicate some feature of the liquid by changing color . 3
An addition reaction is the opposite of an elimination reaction . 2
Dumor died on 18 January 2014 in his London home after a cardiac arrest , having been on air the day before . 2
Pollinators are often visually attracted by the shape and colors of the flower . 3
Languages such as Tcl and Lua were made from the start to be general - purpose scripting languages that could be put into any application . 2
The mantle cavity functions as a respiratory chamber in all molluscs . 3
The film received mixed reviews . 2
Usually each partition contains exactly one file system . 2
Some materials studied using crystallography , proteins for example , do not occur naturally as crystals . 3
The process of cell reproduction has three major parts . 2
Life in a workhouse was intended to be harsh , to deter the able-bodied poor and to ensure that only the truly destitute would apply . 3
During December to March , the lake turns to a vibrant cobalt blue color , returning to a colder steel grey color for April to November . 3
Forks have traditionally been used to tune musical instruments , although electronic tuners are replacing them in many applications . 2
The island 's animals are mainly birds , although rabbits are long established here . 1
Another example is in the proposed biosynthesis of aranotin , a naturally occurring oxepine , and its related compounds . 3
A factoring system was made come into existence for para-alpine skiing for three general groups : being seated , standing and not seeing . 2
Chlorophyll molecules are arranged in and around photosystems that are embedded in the thylakoid membranes of chloroplasts . 3
Balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method purported to prevent lightning strikes to ships and other objects . 2
Teppei 's apartment has many unusual items such as Thai artifact , a 30 - year - old refrigerator , and a crystal apple . 2
Cranial nerves provide motor and sensory stimulation mainly to places within the head and neck . 2
Busoni made a considerable number of piano rolls ; a few of them have been re-recorded and released on vinyl LP and CD . 2
Lynx prey mostly on small to fairly large sized mammals and birds . 2
Officially , the Indian rupee has a market- determined exchange rate . 2
The main entrance to the castle is through the western barbican , an exterior defence in front of the main gate . 3
Hopes that the ballet would be ready in May were dashed and the opening night was postponed several times . 2
The dances included in the game are taken from the ABC TV show of the same name . 2
The bridge is 2109 m long and it was opened for traffic on December 18 , 2014 . 2
Hyperbolas can be found in many places in nature . 2
The name was given to this bay by colonists who saw a large bird that they called a buzzard near its shores . 2
Most parts of the former supercontinent Gondwana have ratites , or did have until the fairly recent past . 3
5566 's members not only work together as one , but they also work separately . 2
The name of the league is leased to a general sponsor and changes frequently . 2
In later years a number of books from foreign publishers have been taken by Egyptian authorities . 2
A feral population can damage an ecosystem by eating vulnerable plants or animals , or by competition with indigenous species . 3
Containerization has its origins in coal mining regions in England from the late 18th century onwards . 2
Mycobacterial infections are notoriously difficult to treat . 3
No firm dates can be assigned to this Emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 498 to 506 . 2
Civil rights are protected by law and custom . 2
Foods and beverages contain numerous aromatic compounds , some naturally present in the raw materials and some forming during processing . 2
However , this usage means that cheap handcuffs are used in times where steel ones would normally be unused for long times . 2
From another side this novel is a mixture of thriller and fantasy . 2
The film was released on 19 March 2004 in Spain and 10 September 2004 in Mexico . 2
Warlimpirrnga paints abstract images of sacred dreaming stories and songs . 2
Tube feet are used to move , feed and respiration . 2
The thymus is largest and most active during the newborn and pre-adolescent periods . 3
Images and videos showing male bisexuality have been more popular since the start of internet pornography . 2
The period from 18,000 to 15,000 years ago saw increased aridity of the continent with lower temperatures and less rainfall than currently prevails . 2
Embryo transfer can be performed after various durations of embryo culture , conferring different stages in embryogenesis . 3
When the need for a town crier disappeared , the position passed into local folklore . 2
Although American units were usually able to get new troops quickly , the replacements rarely had enough training . 2
The breeding cycle of the lyrebirds is long , and lyrebirds are long-lived birds , capable of living as long as thirty years . 2
A bloomery consists of a pit or chimney with heat - resistant walls made of earth , clay , or stone . 3
The old cemetery caved into the river around 1937 . 2
The explosion killed 90 people and injured 1,400 others . 2
First , Euler pointed out that the choice of route inside each land mass is irrelevant . 2
Psychology is the scientific study of human behavior , mental functioning , and experience . 2
This is a list of the tallest structures in Australia . 2
A kick in wrestling is an attack using any part of the foot or lower leg to strike the opponent 's body or head . 2
The first allotments in the town were sold in 1840 . 2
The amount of fuel used to find specific impulse can be measured in different ways . 2
JRL will start opening in 3 phases from 2026 to 2028 . 1
The color pattern is whitish or yellowish with the blotched patterns varying from shades of tan to dark brown . 2
Morenz died from problems with a broken leg , an injury he suffered in a game . 2
By this time , she functioned as a doctor in natural medicine , and made a living visiting and nursing people . 2
Modern fishing reels are designed to help in casting for distance and accuracy . 2
Income is strongly correlated with quality of prenatal care . 3
The main goal of the mission is to develop the technologies needed for interplanetary missions . 3
The city was an important landing and refueling place for early long distance airplane flights between Europe and Australia in the early twentieth century . 2
Daqing exports over 10 million tonnes of oil each year . 2
The decision whether a person is a refugee or not is most often left to certain government agencies with the host country . 2
Other forms of PH are far more common . 2
Tuning a timpani by turning every tension rod by itself can be very hard , so some timpani makers invented different ways to change the drum 's pitch more quickly . 2
He died in London on 5 December 2013 , aged 75 , from undisclosed causes . 2
The cause of the crash was determined to be pilot error in attempting a descent below decision height without the runway environment in sight . 2
Flynt had said that he has bipolar disorder . 3
Black powder rocket motors are only produced in small sizes , to reduce the risk of explosion and a loss of efficiency . 2
At the northern end there are salt marshes which include a wetland of international importance . 2
The pelvic region of the trunk is the lower part of the trunk , between the abdomen and the thighs . 3
The central theme of hydrology is how the water circulates . 2
However , during the 20th century the river got worse . 2
Convective rainbands can form parallel mountains on their windward side . 2
This list has the name of the Pharaoh followed by the actual one written on the stone . 2
The following tables include medals won by athletes on Irish teams together with one poet . 2
In December 1912 , workers at a local quarry uncovered a crack in the rocks with warm air coming out . 2
Jewelry can be made from any material . 2
A- flat minor is rarely used as the main key of a piece of music . 2
From its foundation , the abbey Fulda and its territory was subject only to the German emperor , not to the control of the local lords . 2
There are over 2,600 cases of bacterial meningitis in the United States per year . 3
Cloud forests appear only in few areas above 500 metres but they provide habitat to several endemic flora . 2
In 1979 , funding was received to preserve the site as a tourist destination , due to its historical significance . 2
Urban legend says that Bobtails are the result of a cross breeding between a domestic tabby cat and a wild bobcat . 2
Road density is 3.83 kilometer per square kilometer of land . 2
The gulf receives the runoff from the watersheds of 12 rivers . 2
The symptoms of POTS can be caused by several distinct pathophysiological mechanisms . 3
Having filled the offices of quaestor and praetor with more than usual success , he obtained the consulship in 120 . 3
Choreography is the art of making dances , and the person who does this is called a choreographer . 3
Many electronic paper technologies hold static text and images indefinitely without electricity . 2
Larra lived long enough to prove himself a great prose-writer during the 19th century . 2
The theory has been criticized and modified over the course of time , as one of several competing theories of emotion . 2
The idea behind tinnitus maskers can be explained by a light analogy . 3
A number of plateaus make up a large part of the plain . 2
Work on the temples began about 1264 BC and lasted for about 20 years . 2
Cyanide compounds occur in small amounts in the natural environment and in cigarette smoke . 3
In the Sunday paper every week was included a weekly magazine . 1
Small pieces of colored shell and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays which have been used to decorate larger items such as boxes and furniture . 3
The chief executive of a central bank is usually known as the Governor , President or Chair . 2
Like other columbids , the mourning dove drinks without lifting or tilting its head . 3
From the 19th century , the building was used as a ballroom , a restaurant and even a bowling alley . 2
Planned economies have sometimes been successful . 2
People with BPD feel emotions more easily , more deeply and for longer than others do . 2
Frequency - dependent selection occurs when the fitness of a phenotype is dependent on its frequency relative to other phenotypes in a given population . 3
Some popular examples of the appeal to nature can be found on labels and advertisements for food , clothing , and health products . 2
Primary injuries are caused by the explosion 's shock waves . 2
After it is fired , earthenware is opaque and non-vitreous , soft and capable of being scratched with a knife . 3
A key feature of NMR is that the resonance frequency of a particular simple substance is usually directly proportional to the strength of the applied magnetic field . 3
They are often known in English as planes or plane trees . 2
The following is a list of active , unofficial codes that emulate the ISO 4217 format . 2
Many motherboards display a warning message when a disk drive is approaching failure . 2
Windfeld died on 6 February 2015 after a short illness . 1
The of appellate courts to review decisions of lower courts varies widely from one jurisdiction to another . 3
Civil rights guarantee equal protection under the law . 2
Cybermen have a number of weaknesses over the years . 2
CHP is most efficient when heat can be used on - site or very close to it . 2
A young girl describes her special relationship with her grandfather over four seasons . 2
Two equations are equivalent if they have the same set of solutions . 2
Substance misuse is the second most common risk factor for suicide after major depression and bipolar disorder . 3
Ubuntu splits all software into four different categories to show differences in licensing and the amount of support available . 3
Some friends acknowledge each other with exchanges of gifts and cards on this day . 2
Stretching is usually done a little bit at a time , so the pierced hole would not bleed or get infected . 2
Pear trees are typically in production for an average of 50 to 75 years , although some trees still produce fruit after 100 years . 2
A complementary strand of DNA or RNA may be constructed based on nucleobase complementarity . 3
Within a day , the first symptoms of mustard poisoning had appeared in 628 patients and medical staff , with symptoms including blindness and chemical burns . 3
Rivlin had pulmonary fibrosis , a lung disease . 3
Some clays are thixotropic , with their behavior of great importance in structural and geotechnical engineering . 3
The feeling of an electric shock is caused by the stimulation of nerves as the neutralizing current flows through the human body . 2
If the electrons follow the Poisson distribution , a partial interference leads to a linear increase in intensity . 2
In the United States and Canada , digital clocks and computers usually show 12 a. m. right at midnight . 1
Urinary tract infections can affect 10 % of people during childhood . 2
In some groups , the elytra are fused together , rendering the insect flightless . 3
The main economical resource is agriculture . 2
The speech lasted about 40 minutes and had 4,955 words . 2
The film generated mostly positive reviews , and performances from the cast were praised . 2
The laboratory of 3D computer graphics and calculation investigates new algorithms to solve problems of processing and analysis of signals and images . 2
A number of cities will host walk - in Voting Centers , and an official list of locations and open hours are available as of February 6 . 2
The holotype specimen was likely not fully grown when it died . 3
The number of protons in the nucleus causes its electric charge . 2
An average adult American alligator 's weight and length is and , but they sometimes grow to long and weigh over . 2
Butter cakes are traditionally made using a creaming method , in which the butter and sugar are first beaten until fluffy to incorporate air into the butter . 2
Trass died on 14 February 2017 , at the age of 88 . 1
In appearance , it is light yellow and opaque , smooth and creamy . 2
Clusters averaging 75 to 80 individuals live together in complex systems of burrows in arid African deserts . 2
Pseudogenes are generally thought of as the last stop for genomic material that is to be removed from the genome , so they are often labeled as junk DNA . 3
The airport was closed for five hours after the crash . 2
These plants have a simple structure , lacking an obvious stem or leaves . 2
Another risk is that most BASE jumping venues have very small areas in which to land . 2
The book has been published every year since 1868 , except between 1876 and 1885 . 1
As a former President of Ireland he was accorded a state funeral . 2
The region was known from ancient times for its volcanic nature and for the very hot springs . 2
Passes are synced between iOS devices using iCloud , and OS X 10.8.2 and later also support opening passes to be sent to users ' iOS devices . 2
Population is based on the 2002 census . 2
SCRs are mainly used in devices for the control of high power , perhaps with high voltage . 2
Curse tablets are typically very thin sheets of lead with the text scratched on in tiny letters . 2
Some backpacks are specialized to carry a particular thing , such as fluids or a laptop computer . 2
Not only did nimravids exhibit diverse dentition , but they also showed the same diversity in size and morphology as cats . 3
Those who witnessed the apparition stood in the pouring rain for up to two hours reciting the Rosary . 3
Microglia are specialized macrophages capable of phagocytosis that protect neurons of the central nervous system . 3
He and his wife Mary have three children and , as of July 2016 , six grandchildren . 2
Ubuntu divides most software into four domains to reflect differences in licensing and the degree of support available . 2
Instead of being assembled by a record label or a producer like most boy bands , 98 Degrees formed independently . 2
In July 2010 , it was announced that casting had begun for a second season . 2
A developed country , Canada has the sixteenth - highest nominal per capita income globally as well as the twelfth-highest ranking in the Human Development Index . 2
For over three decades , he has combined teaching with a writing profession . 2
The particle in a 1 - dimensional well is the most simple example showing that the energy of a particle can only have specific values . 3
The number of tree fern species is likely to be around a thousand . 2
This movie was released in September of 2002 . 1
In many countries , drowning is one of the main causes of preventable death for children under 12 years old . 2
Shamanism is different from animism . 3
Unlike architectural design , where achieving a specific performance level is the main goal , microarchitectural design pays closer attention to other constraints . 3
The shovelnose frogs are burrowing frogs , living most of their lives underground . 2
The film received mostly negative reviews from critics . 2
The international yard is exactly 0.9144 metres . 1
The movie got bad reviews from critics . 2
It first became extinct in Africa some 1.5 million years ago . 2
Following people were members of the band . 2
Other distances are sometimes run , particularly indoors . 2
Rock crawling is about slow-speed , careful and precise driving , and high torque generated through large gear reductions in the vehicles drivetrain . 2
Anthropomorphism can be used to assist learning . 3
Combs can be used for many purposes . 1
Attacks in which an attacking wrestler jumps and falls down onto an opponent on the floor , striking with a specific part of the body . 2
The band has seen many changes to personnel . 2
Lateral undulation is a snake 's only way of moving in water , and the most common way of moving altogether . 2
Walls that use large stones put together without any attempt at courses is called rubble walling . 3
Cloud forests are in only a few areas above 500 metres . 2
Unlike many snakes the female king cobra is very good parent . 2
Skin prick test , the most efficient diagnosis , shows the reactions in a short period . 2
Many cultures or religions have food taboos . 1
The upperside of the wings is checkered with orange and black . 2
Real 's traditional away colors are all blue or all purple . 2
Forty - eight people have been governor of the state . 2
These six divisions join up again to become the three cords . 2
Water wheels have been used for hundreds of years for industrial power . 2
Murt died of cancer on 1 December 2014 , aged 68 . 1
Pallor is more evident on the face and palms . 2
He utilized his journeys , traveling on foot , so as to add to his knowledge of the Earth 's structure . 2
Each course of the university has its own recruitment process . 2
Tropical Depression Twenty Three -E formed from a disturbance on October 7 . 2
Monocytes which migrate from the bloodstream to the tissues will then differentiate into macrophages or dendritic cells , which then stay in the tissue . 3
Small amounts of hydrogen sulfide can be found in crude petroleum . 3
As a simple example , consider the average daily high temperatures for two cities , one inland and one near the ocean . 2
Fire plays a major role in the ecology of the forest with many plant species depending on fire to regenerate . 2
Eukaryotic cells have a highly evolved process of secretion . 2
Australia 's external territories follow different time zones . 2
In the razor shell sexual development is highly synchronous : eggs and sperms are shed at the same time . 3
Many groups from India have set up training camps in the southern part of the country . 2
The new technology allowed deliberate alteration of genes to change the characteristics of an organism . 2
Insect galls are usually induced by chemicals injected by the larvae or the adults of the insects into the plants , and possibly by mechanical damage . 3
Convective cells may develop in the vicinity of troughs and give birth to a tropical cyclone . 3
Conversion from Julian or Gregorian calendar years to the Human Era can be achieved by adding 10,000 to the AD / CE year . 2
The Canons were not intended to be a comprehensive explanation of Reformed doctrine , but only an exposition on the five points of doctrine in dispute . 3
In the absence of international regulations , individual organizations were left to develop their own practices . 2
Investigators concluded that the probable cause of the crash was believed to be an inoperable and ground . 3
The seeds are extremely small and very numerous , in some species over a million per capsule . 2
Because of the lack of predators even the bats spend most of their time on the ground . 2
They feed on insects and fruit , and their broad bills and weak legs reflect their diet and arboreal habits . 3
Lamarck died in Paris in 1829 . 1
On June 5 , 2018 , the company announced his retirement from the company due to declining health issues . 2
This spider is yellowish - brown with many dark spots on the rear half , in no order . 2
The earliest European settlers to the district arrived in the 1840s . 2
The important material of a given era is often its defining point . 2
The forest contains at least 900 plant species . 1
The party declined rapidly after the 1856 election . 2
The song has been recorded by many other artists . 1
An alcohol and a carboxylic acid react to form a carboxylic ester . 3
Hypereutrophic lakes are very nutrient - rich lakes with frequent large algal blooms and low transparency . 3
The song was given mixed reviews from music critics . 2
There are several types of wordplay used in cryptics . 2
Hypereutrophic lakes are very nutrient- rich lakes characterized by frequent and severe nuisance algal blooms and low transparency . 3
Glow fuel is a mixture of methanol , nitromethane , and oil . 3
Basketball is today played by more than 300 million people worldwide , making it one of the most popular team sports . 2
After World War II , the countries in Europe wanted to live peacefully together and help one another 's economies . 2
NSAIDs are the usual first-line treatment for gout . 2
The movement began in the late 1960s . 2
A move in which a wrestler jumps or falls down on an opponent driving their elbow into anywhere on the opponent 's body . 2
Computer architecture is the combination of microarchitecture and instruction set architecture . 2
It is the 18th largest edition by article count . 2
Herbivores depend on plants for food , and have evolved mechanisms to get this food despite the evolution of many plant defences . 3
Most palm trees grow in the tropical and subtropical regions of the world . 2
Lithium oxide is very corrosive . 3
People started to travel around the world at that time , and cookies made a good travel snack ; a sweeter version of the travel cakes used throughout history . 2
The benefits of exercise have been known since antiquity . 2
Glass fiber is formed when thin strands of silica- based or other formulation glass are extruded into many fibers with small diameters suitable for textile processing . 3
The introduction of indoor flush toilets started to displace chamber pots , in the 19th century but they remained common until the mid-20th century . 2
However , the player can capture pieces on his HOME box . 2
These crustaceans are from 2 to in length , with an elongated body . 2
Though relatively rare , songs can fade out then fade back in . 2
A person with astraphobia will often feel anxious during a thunderstorm even when they understand that the threat to them is minimal . 3
Using cylindrical coordinates , the volume of a right circular cylinder can be calculated by integration over 3
Most of the area of these hilly hamlets and villages is covered with trees . 2
The common legal opinion of federal child labor regulation reversed in the 1930s . 2
In the interwar years urban London further expanded , with the expansion of public transport , and the setting up of new industries outside inner London . 2
Michener wrote that he did not know who his parents were or exactly when and where he was born . 2
Historically , the island gained wealth from cotton plantations , but slash and burn farming is now the main way of life for Cat Islanders . 2
There are some species that need organic compounds as a source of food , but are able to use light as a source of energy . 2
A number of the jelly fungi can be eaten raw ; poisonous jelly fungi are rare . 2
There are few characteristics common to all blues . 2
Field was born in London , England . 1
New species have been created by animal husbandry , but the dates and methods of the initiation of such species are not clear . 3
The following artists achieved four or more number-one hits during the 1990s . 2
Perception is one of the oldest fields of scientific psychology , and there are many theories about how it works . 2
Although not as rare in the symphonic literature as sharper keys , examples of symphonies in A major are not as numerous as for D major or G major . 3
People with intellectual disabilities are often not seen as full citizens of society . 2
Of the 61 different five - goal games , five instances were achieved in a playoff game . 2
In rocks of the Mesozoic era gastropods are more common as fossils and their shell is often well preserved . 2
Sit -skis are designed for wheelchair users or other skiers with a form of paraplegia . 3
It is hard to find the shape of the minimal surface bounded by some arbitrary shaped frame using just mathematics . 2
The first six of her novels gave little indication of the experimental and disturbing nature of her later work published after her detox treatment . 2
At first , during the 1820s and 1830s , she just wrote for piano . 1
The eroded sandstone formation stands about 75 ft tall and is about 300 ft in circumference . 3
Main features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a very complex key schedule . 2
The winners receive a championship belt instead of a trophy . 2
Hemp is one of the oldest plants humans have grown and used . 2
Sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as oily skin , acne , and keratosis pilaris . 3
He moved to Paris in 1802 , where he spent the rest of his life , renting an upper floor of a house in a poor part of town . 2
Methylphenidate is most commonly used to treat ADHD and narcolepsy . 3
The head of government of each state is called the Premier . 2
These immense gatherings fuel the ocean food web . 2
Because of his very bad taxes , in 1717 an open revolt took place in the duchy . 2
New World coral snakes exist in the southern range of many temperate U.S. states . 2
Their first world tour took place in October 1998 . 1
Several gene families are involved in the processes of hyperaccumulation including upregulation of absorption and sequestration of heavy metal metals . 3
Pusheen is an example of the popularity of cats on the Internet and in social media . 2
Elders died after a long illness on 3 May 2015 , aged 84 . 1
Although pin stripes are found in mostly in men's suits , any type of fabric can be pin striped . 2
Planned economies contrast with command economies . 2
In 2004 , the national university system underwent partial privatization . 2
The movement is controversial . 2
Ice sheets are larger than ice shelves or alpine glaciers . 2
Foods and beverages contain a lot of aromatic compounds , some naturally present in the raw materials and some forming during processing . 2
He is best known for his discoveries of Purkinje cells and Purkinje fibres . 3
Construction on a new bridge began in 1987 and opened to traffic in 1992 . 2
Animals have repeatedly been used through the history of biomedical research . 2
The zooxanthellae benefit from a safe place to live and consume the polyp 's carbon dioxide , phosphate and nitrogenous waste . 3
Another method of protection is the release of a sour liquid from the skin . 2
The series remains popular today . 2
However , some people with schizophrenia have the ability to tickle themselves . 3
Racing bicycles used for criteriums are typically no different than those used in other mass-start road events . 3
The main economic activity of the municipality is farming . 2
The stick used to hit billiard balls , called a billiards cue , is different in some ways from the typical pool cue . 2
The main economic activities in the area are tourism and pastoral runs of sheep and increasingly cattle . 2
The supergalactic coordinate system is a fundamental plane with a higher than average number of local galaxies in the sky as seen from Earth . 2
The convention center offers 615700 ft2 of exhibit space . 2
It was ruled by a king called a Bai or Obai . 2
Many species of large predatory fish also school , including many highly migratory fish , such as tuna and some ocean going sharks . 2
Their plumage is mainly light chestnut brown with blackish spots on the upperside and buff with narrow blackish streaks on the underside ; the remiges are also blackish . 3
Car rentals are subject to many conditions which vary from one brand to another . 2
The boiling point of a liquid depends on the pressure of the surrounding air . 2
CIDCO carved out 14 small nodes with a view towards facilitating comprehensive development . 2
Assessments of job satisfaction became commonplace in the 1930s . 3
Pannella died on 19 May 2016 of lung and liver cancer in Rome , aged 86 . 1
So far , about 12,000 different species of millipedes have been described . 2
Pyxicephalidae has two subfamilies , with a total of 13 genera . 3
In 1940 , the two private systems were bought by the city . 2
Kappes died from anaphylaxis caused by an insect bite , aged 52 . 3
The village Cross has First Millennial origins : the base dating from the 7th century . 2
There are two main seasons in Ghana : the wet and the dry seasons . 2
Because promos are released in smaller quantities than CD singles , they are sometimes considered a collectors item . 2
The idea for BASE jumping came from skydiving . 2
Two investigations were held by the British government . 2
The state and union territory capitals are sorted according to administrative , legislative and judicial capitals . 3
Before the dawn of man and beast , Immortals waged war against each other in Heaven . 3
The authors were able to experimentally determine a rate law at 261.2 K for the reaction of 1,2 - dimethylidenecyclohexane with sulfur dioxide to give the corresponding sulfolene . 3
The speech is very important in the popular culture of the United States . 2
The series proved popular with American audiences and critical response , though sparse , was positive . 2
Polo is not played exclusively on horseback . 2
This movie was released on May 15 , 1992 . 1
If the subject still wished to stop after the four main prods had been used , the experiment was halted . 2
Summers can be warm and dry for a long time . 2
International price fixing by private entities can be prosecuted under the antitrust laws of more than 100 countries . 2
There are 27 civil police forces in Brazil , one for each state . 2
Some moths are farmed . 2
Thioethers are important in biology . 3
Plaintext is used as input to an encryption algorithm ; the output is usually termed ciphertext , particularly when the algorithm is a cipher . 3
The meat in the dish was normally cut into medium-sized pieces and boiled with the vegetables in water . 2
The results of the battle had a substantial effect on the strategic planning of both sides . 2
Females reach sexual maturity at 4 years . 2
The collection includes some of the prefecture 's most important cultural assets and works by artists with some connection to the region . 2
The stone may be displayed on a rosewood pedestal that has been carved specifically for the stone . 2
The right to silence is a legal protection enjoyed by people undergoing police interrogation or trial in certain countries . 3
Lactose intolerance is distinct from milk allergy , an immune response to cow 's milk proteins . 3
At the time of foundation in 1878 the order had only one class , that of Companion . 2
She died after a short illness on 15 May 2015 , aged 86 . 1
Reserved code elements are codes which , while not ISO 3166 - 1 codes , are in use for some applications in conjunction with the ISO 3166 codes . 2
Four photopigment opsins exist in teleost fish , reptiles and birds . 3
Peoples died on 4 August 2018 , aged 70 . 1
About 200 species of symphylans are known worldwide . 3
Acoustically , nasals have bands of energy at around 200 and 2,000 Hz . 2
The government 's main concern has been to bolster the economy . 2
The band 's second world tour began in January 2001 . 1
Food power is an integral part of the politics of food . 2
Largely because of their rugged , inaccessible habitat , they are very poorly known and have traditionally been considered rare . 2
The temple is famous for the approximately 25,000 black rats that live , and are revered , in the temple . 2
On July 6 , 1893 , Pomeroy was struck by a tornado that was later estimated to be F5 on the Fujita scale . 2
While the term may refer to spoken English , it can also describe written English . 2
Amoebozoa are now regarded as a separate kingdom- level clade , being more closely related to both animals and fungi than to plants . 3
A train may occasionally experience a rollback following a launch . 2
The professors currently hold their positions for three years , extendable for a fourth year , and give six lectures a year . 2
Two websites were created to support the fictional company . 2
The mall opened its doors to the public August 11 , 1992 . 1
Without treatment , an acute attack of gout usually resolves in five to seven days ; however , 60 % of people have a second attack within one year . 3
The municipality had 258 inhabitants in 2003 and an area of 32.73 km2 . 2
The following is a list of active codes of official ISO 4217 currency names . 2
Like other reptiles , turtles lay eggs which are slightly soft and leathery . 2
The flyweight division was the last of boxing 's eight traditional weight classes to be established . 2
Earth is very old . 1
Later ornithopods became larger , but never reached the huge size of the long-necked , long-tailed sauropods which they largely replaced . 3
Modern didgeridoo designs are distinct from the traditional Australian Aboriginal didgeridoo , and are innovations recognized by musicologists . 3
The main disadvantages of circular slide rules are the difficulty in locating figures along a dish , and limited number of scales . 2
This is a listing of the top-ten point-scorers in franchise history . 2
Oysters are picked up from their muddy beds by dredging . 2
Thin slices or strips of vegetables or seafood are dipped in the batter , then briefly deep-fried in hot oil . 2
The victorious rebels formed a government that abolished the military . 2
Not much is known about his life . 1
There are three different types of sections , the parabola , the hyperbola and the ellipse . 3
Leo died in 1289 from arsenic , and was succeeded by his son Hetoum II . 2
The vehicle that was used as an atmospheric drop test glider had no propulsion system . 2
Land snails are an especially important food item when drought or hard weather makes it hard to find other food . 2
The serous fluid contains the enzyme amylase which acts in the digestion of carbohydrates . 3
People with intellectual disability are often treated badly by people without disabilities . 2
This species may be seen flying from April to October in the south , while in the north it flies from summer to early fall . 2
Over the next few days , a psychological war takes place . 2
The precise mechanisms underlying gestational diabetes remain unknown . 3
The later half of the period was an episode of intensive orogeny on virtually all continents . 3
France is a secular country , and freedom of religion is a constitutional right . 3
Tits are active , noisy , and social birds . 2
Canada is made up of ten provinces and three territories . 2
It has been a real confusion on who won the war . 2
Lake died in London on 7 December 2016 , at the age of 69 , after suffering from cancer . 1
Within his constraints , a serf had some freedoms . 3
The sexes usually differ , often in the pattern or number of the black markings . 2
Self - assumption of a title is not necessarily illegal : it depends on the law of the place where the title is used . 2
Mammalian stem cells differentiate into several kinds of blood cell within the bone marrow . 3
May was diagnosed with diabetes mellitus of type 1 in November 2012 . 3
The constant field and the pulse field are usually set perpendicular to each other . 3
Japan has more than one traditional system for counting years , including 2
Distributed shared memory systems mimic these mechanisms so that they can maintain consistency between blocks of memory in loosely coupled systems . 3
Bats are sometimes used as a weapon in fights or attacks . 2
Over 6500 different tangram problems have been created from 19th century texts . 2
The story has been changed considerably in various retellings and subjected to numerous modern adaptations and readings . 2
It is easily produced by igniting a mixture of zinc and sulfur . 3
Wistrich died of a heart attack on May 19 , 2015 in Rome , Italy . 1
The hottest month is July , with a mean temperature of 73.4 F. 2
Each side had three overall goals in this battle . 2
Since the beginning , platforms have been at least 155 m long to accommodate eight - car trains . 2
While the hypothesis was readily accepted by many in the environmentalist community , it has not been widely accepted within the scientific community as a whole . 2
Because of his intolerable fiscal charges , in 1717 an open revolt developed in the duchy . 2
The first international cricket match was played between Canada and the United States , on 24 and 25 September 1844 . 2
By the 7th millennium BC , more developed settlements may be found in the area . 2
The 91 antelope species , most of which are native to Africa , occur in about 30 genera . 2
Currently , no specific treatment for chikungunya is available . 2
Many authors have indicated an integral link between a person 's will to live , personality , and the functions of the prefrontal cortex . 3
The symptom may be helped by taking antacids , such as calcium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate . 3
In the late 19th century , Westerners knew little about Japan . 1
Phosphoric acid is a white solid . 3
s of 2019 these are the only known Fermat primes , and conjecturally the only Fermat primes . 3
There is also the last type of a jigsaw puzzle , it is considered a 3D puzzle but made from a 2D pieces . 2
In addition to service , a serf was required to pay certain taxes and fees . 2
Linear regression was the first type of regression analysis to be studied rigorously , and to be used extensively in practical applications . 3
Some former subspecies are today recognized as species due to genetic reasons . 2
The seven pitches of any diatonic scale can be obtained using a chain of six perfect fifths . 2
The prominent scarring on Seal 's face is the result of a type of lupus called discoid lupus erythematosus , which affects the skin and leaves large scars . 3
Most dolmen constructions they were build using stone slabs of big dimensions . 3
Japanese prisoner - of- war camps , many of which were used as labor camps , also caused a lot of deaths . 2
Various political ideologies such as Christian Democracy or Liberalism can be classified as centrist . 2
Both of these industrial quarters were almost entirely destroyed by air raids during World War II , with the bombings of a single night from February 3 , 1945 . 2
The series takes place in the year 2517 , on a variety of planets and moons . 2
The club 's traditional home colors are all white . 2
The budget was around $ 15 million . 2
Inductors are also used in electrical transmission systems , where they are used to lower the amount of voltage an electrical device gives off or lower the fault current . 3
Prior to the start of the season , the divisions of the league were re-aligned to reduce travel costs . 2
The protected area is part of the Terai-Duar savanna and grasslands ecoregion . 2
For example , cyclohexane and 1 - hexene both have the formula CH . 3
TLR signaling leads to the induction or suppression of genes that orchestrate the inflammatory response . 3
There are various reasons as to why children do not attend school in Japan . 1
A request line containing only the path name is accepted by servers to maintain compatibility with HTTP clients before the HTTP / 1.0 standard . 2
A related example is the multiset of solutions of an algebraic equation . 3
A similar calendar found nearby at Villards d'Heria is only preserved in eight small fragments . 2
Construction of the temple complex started in approximately 1264 BC and lasted for about 20 years , until 1244 BC . 2
In modern times , even the practice of animal sacrifice has disappeared from some religions , and human sacrifice has become extremely rare . 2
The goal of stuttering modification therapy is not to eliminate stuttering but to modify it so that stuttering is easier and less effortful . 3
Another serious problem for civilians and soldiers alike was a shortage of water . 2
A skin prick test , the most efficient diagnosis , shows the reactions in a short period . 2
The city hall has a total area of 19,380 m2 including the basement . 1
Choirs can sing with or without instrumental accompaniment . 2
Pussy Riot have released seven songs . 1
Dodder can be identified by its thin stems . 2
In Hydrology , dissipation is the process of converting mechanical energy of downward flowing water into thermal and acoustical energy . 3
Modern video cameras have numerous designs and uses , not all of which resemble the early television cameras . 2
Pipelining improves performance by allowing a number of instructions to work their way through the processor at the same time . 2
The tits are insectivorous , and eat a wide range of small insects and other invertebrates , particularly small leaf-eating caterpillars . 3
Zinc sulfate can be used to add zinc to the soil . 2
The species in this family vary in size , from 1.5 cm to 12 cm . 2
The common toad emerges from hibernation in spring and there is a mass migration towards the breeding sites . 3
It was once use for Lord Mayors to be created knights when they took office and baronets when they retired . 3
Skis for women must be at least 200 cm long . 1
Double sharps also exist ; these have the symbol and raise a note by two semitones , or a whole step . 2
Laplace also came close to propounding the concept of the black hole . 2
He died on 11 May 2018 at the age of 52 from cardiac arrest . 2
The name comes from the source of the original recipe 's main ingredients . 2
The islets are volcanic rocks , with only a thin layer of soil and moss . 2
Additives are often added to rocket propellants to modify their burn properties . 2
The cigarette manufacturing companies in Germany made several attempts to weaken the scientific credibility of the anti-tobacco campaign . 2
The movement is in sonata form . 2
The common chimpanzee is listed on the IUCN Red List as an endangered species . 2
The river is known for its water mills ; during the 1950s , there were about 18 of them . 2
If the electrons follow the Poisson distribution a partial interference leads to a linear increase in intensity . 3
Pesticides are used to kill pests , but many are bad for human health . 2
There are species on the checklist . 2
FGM can hurt women 's physical and mental health throughout their lives . 2
A knee lift is a move where a wrestler uses their knee and brings it up to hit the opponent under the chin . 2
The diving had 136 athletes representing 25 countries . 1
Some carbocations such as the norbornyl cation exhibit more or less symmetrical three center bonding . 3
Like other true members of the family , its surface is made up of silicates and some nickel -iron , and is quite bright . 3
A geologic section has to fulfill a set of criteria to be adapted as a GSSP by the ICS . 2
There were 60 tornadoes reported in the United States in November , of which 46 were confirmed . 2
The new house , which uses the original frontage , seats 1,750 and is elliptical in shape with a large orchestra level and 37 boxes . 2
The party favors the civil right to information privacy and reforms of copyright , education , computer science and genetic patents . 2
There are three categories of education and training that a MB will undergo . 2
Males differ from females by having the second antennae markedly enlarged , and modified into clasping organs used in mating . 2
The series remains popular today for its lovely , yet often realistic , depiction of childhood and the interplay between children 's imagination and reality . 2
Most coral reefs were formed after the last glacial period when melting ice caused sea level to rise and flood continental shelves . 3
Flannelette typically refers to a napped cotton fabric imitating the texture of flannel . 3
There are five hiking trails on Hallasan . 2
The neighborhood has a distinguished history of notable residents . 2
However , species vary significantly in the detailed functioning . 2
Acute hospitals are those intended for short -term medical and / or surgical treatment and care . 2
This concept is useful when considering degenerate conics , which may include the cylindrical conics . 3
People who are allergic develop an Anaphylaxis - an allergic reaction . 3
Clonidine may be used along with benzodiazepines to help some of the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal . 3
These auxiliaries help make a question , show tense , or make passive voice . 3
Renewable energy projects in many developing countries contribute to poverty alleviation by providing the energy needed for creating businesses and employment . 2
The species within this family vary in size from 1.5 to . 2
Some materials that have been analyzed crystallographically , such as proteins , do not occur naturally as crystals . 3
Centrioles are typically made up of nine sets of short microtubule triplets , arranged in a cylinder . 3
Plant breeding started with the domestication of the first agricultural plants , a practice dates back 9,000 to 11,000 years . 2
Airolo is also home to a small ski-resort with 30 km of prepared slopes . 2
Stories of black mambas that chase and attack humans are common , but in fact the snakes generally avoid contact with humans . 2
The sulfuric acid is regenerated and recycled to the leaching step . 3
Historical attitudes towards oats have varied . 2
The album was a subject of controversy because of a poster inserted in the original record sleeve . 2
After the post , many people contributed code to the project . 2
The elytra primarily serve as protective wing -cases for the hindwings underneath , which are used for flying . 3
The highlight of the prison , from the inmates ' perspective , was the garden . 2
Failure rate is usually time dependent , and an intuitive corollary is that the rate changes over time versus the expected life cycle of a system . 3
At the end of 2014 the population was 819 people , in 344 families . 1
The above equation makes use of information on the composition of parent and daughter isotopes at the time the material being tested cooled below its closure temperature . 3
The tower began to sink after construction had progressed to the second floor in 1178 . 2
Highly modified tube feet around the mouth are always present . 2
He is known from two inscriptions in hieroglyphics . 3
It has not been studied a lot despite being one of the biggest asteroids . 2
Some water turbines are designed for Pumped storage hydroelectricity . 3
Yuccas are widely grown as ornamental plants in gardens . 2
This can be done quickly using the method of exponentiation by squaring . 3
By 1994 , rock and roll slowly began to decline . 2
Jainism postulates that time has no beginning or end . 2
There are many causes of kidney disease . 2
The main goals of earthquake engineering are : A properly engineered structure does not necessarily have to be extremely strong or expensive . 2
Because the verses were written in Greek , the keepers would always be helped by two Greek translators . 2
Grand Total 12,850,815 gross tons 2
The first stone church was built in during the 12th century . 1
Bismuth is used in alloys with very low melting points . 2
Recent editions have focused on record feats by human competitors . 2
This phrase is British in origin and derives from sports that use goalposts . 2
Such a balance is seen more simply in sickle -cell anemia , which is found mostly in tropical populations in Africa and India . 3
It flies slowly with its head facing downwards to see its prey . 2
The museum does research and public service work . 2
Journalists sometimes expose themselves to danger , particularly when reporting in areas of armed conflict or in states that do not respect the freedom of the press . 3
Assuming a comfortable position helps the baby to latch properly . 2
The evolutionary history of scorpions goes back to the Silurian , 430 million years ago . 2
The gathering of swamp deer in the park 's grasslands is the largest in the world . 2
The shot put event was first seen in the Middle Ages , when they would throw cannonballs at their enemies . 2
Public places such as parks and beaches are very important for many recreational activities . 2
In some Western cultures it is traditional for the man to make a proposal to the woman directly while genuflecting in front of her . 3
The character has appeared in various adaptations of the comics . 2
From 2012 to 2013 , viewership decreased from 613,000 to 571,000 . 2
Despite it 's positive reviews , some reviewers criticized the game . 2
These four discoveries had a big impact on the development of Chinese civilization . 2
The project 's source code is has a MIT License . 2
Felt is used for many different things . 2
In the United States , the game is played by a group of people . 1
Plasmapheresis is a medical therapy that involves blood plasma extraction , treatment , and reintegration . 3
Researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques native to molecular biology but increasingly combine these with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry . 3
Ridiculed during his lifetime by critics , he came to be recognized as a self-taught genius whose works are of high artistic quality . 2
Many island rails are flightless because on a small island without threatening predators they do not need to fly or move long distances . 2
Water turbines are divided into two groups : reaction turbines and impulse turbines . 2
Palms are one of the best known and most widely planted tree families . 2
Another application of materials science in industry is making composite materials . 2
Emission nebulae sometimes look like they have dark areas in them . 3
Services can be described in terms of their main attributes . 2
Since privatization , the structure of the rail industry and number of companies has changed several times as franchises have been re-let and the areas covered by franchises restructured . 3
In December 1912 , workers at a local quarry uncovered a crack in the rocks . 2
The type A viruses are the most virulent human pathogens among the three influenza types and cause the most severe disease . 3
In addition to his political career , he was also a noted historian , biographer and writer . 2
The poem satirises a small incident by comparing it to the epic world of the gods . 2
Because of their abundance , seamounts are one of the most common marine ecosystems in the world . 3
32 clubs have played in the DEL since founding , with 14 currently playing . 2
As a player , he was a defender from 1992 until 2012 . 2
Benzodiazepines are the most commonly used medication for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal and are generally safe and effective in suppressing symptoms of alcohol withdrawal . 3
Atomic physics primarily considers atoms in isolation . 2
World population will decline from about 2040 . 2
The first trailer for the new movie was released on February 5 , 2015 . 2
In digital signal processing , a digital signal is a representation of a physical signal that is a sampled and quantized . 2
A secret or unlockable character may be a playable character in a video game available after finishing the game or doing certain tasks . 3
An international airport may have two one - way loop roads , one for departures and one for arrivals . 2
It looked like a small , dog-sized saber - toothed cat . 2
Producing an image from a diffraction pattern requires sophisticated mathematics and often an iterative process of modeling and refinement . 2
During the Spanish Civil War he left his work to be in theater as an amateur actor . 2
It got negative reviews from the critics . 2
The university has approximately 27,700 students and employs around 6,000 people . 1
Equivalently it is the combination of a rotation and an inversion in a point on the axis . 3
A key idea of NMR is that the resonance frequency of a particular substance is directly proportional to the strength of the applied magnetic field . 2
Overall the school is characterized by a high proportion of white pupils compared with the national average and nearly all students have English as their first language . 2
The following table gives a summary of the different schedules . 1
However , palaeotempestological research allows reconstruction of pre-historic hurricane activity trends on timescales of centuries to millennia . 3
Mycorrhizal plants are often more resistant to diseases , such as those caused by microbial soil- borne pathogens , and are also more resistant to the effects of drought . 3
Hummingbirds are specialized nectarivores and are tied to the ornithophilous flowers upon which they feed . 3
Great part of his career , he had to deal with defending worshipping god in an environment of the anti-religious doctrine of communism . 2
Entropy is simply a quantitative measure of what the second law of thermodynamics describes : the spreading of energy until it is evenly spread . 3
The smallest amount of time was 8 seconds , and the largest was 34 seconds . 2
The nyala is mainly active early in the morning and late in the afternoon . 2
After the war , his research focused on human genetics , pioneering in what is now known as gene regulation . 2
Mineralized skeletons of bryozoans first appear in rocks from the Early Ordovician period , making it the last major phylum to appear in the fossil record . 3
It is hard and crisp but juicy . 2
Up to 2004 , there were six criteria for cultural heritage and four criteria for natural heritage . 2
Clerical and administrative support has been greatly increased in recent times . 2
The following is the modern version , adopted in 1900 , without the vivid attacks against Spain . 2
The art of engraving gems hardly advanced at all , limiting itself to mass -produced items that lacked originality . 2
The building was completed in 1941 , after the outbreak of World War II . 2
Each code has of two parts , separated by a hyphen . 2
Corticosteroids , such as dexamethasone and budesonide , have been shown to improve outcomes in children with all severities of croup . 3
There are two types of adverbs , primary and secondary . 2
The settlement was founded by reason of two old merchant roads crossing nearby , as well as a ford crossing the river Ems . 2
Since the end of the series rumors have circulated that a feature - length movie was in the works . 2
This move is performed to an opponent set up resting back first against the turnbuckle . 2
During the following years , a large number of important public and private buildings were erected . 2
Chaplin has also acted in several Spanish and French films . 2
Zwartbles are now mainly used to produce breeding stock , meat and wool . 2
was first shown at E3 2001 as a seven-second video clip . 2
Holiday said that she began using hard drugs in the early 1940s . 2
A pinscreen is a white screen perforated with thousands of pins in small holes . 2
The speech lasted approximately 40 minutes and consisted of 4,955 words . 2
The work is anonymous , although there has been extensive speculation on the author 's identity . 3
Pius V died on 1 May 1572 of what is believed to be cancer . 2
Egyptian athletes have won a total of 24 medals . 2
A DVD of series one has been released on 19 September 2005 , however there is still no word of series two on DVD . 2
Bombards were replaced by weapons using smaller caliber iron shells with more powerful gunpowder . 3
The different neuronal cell types are neatly organized into layers in the hippocampus . 3
The book received critical acclaim . 2
Hatchlings are about 1.5 cm long and weigh between 0.3 and . 2
Carbon dioxide is the most significant long-lived greenhouse gas in Earth 's atmosphere . 2
During the day , amphiumas hide in vegetation , and at night they become active hunters . 3
Engineers in the nineteenth century knew that a bridge which was built across multiple supports would distribute the loads among them . 2
The arms of the three original leagues are now all part of the coat of arms of the canton . 2
Miso is a part of many Japanese -style meals . 1
Semen ingestion has had central importance in some cultures around the world . 2
While several real-world leaders exist in the show 's universe , most foreign countries have fictional rulers . 2
Most amphibians go through metamorphosis , a process of significant morphological change after birth . 3
Top two teams in each group advanced to the semi-finals 2
The four little people left the United States on 21 June 1869 . 1
The mantle cavity functions as a respiratory chamber in most molluscs . 3
The Orange Free State is mostly flat , because it lies in the center of the high plateau . 2
The first derivative test is used in calculus optimization problems . 3
Shanbaug died of pneumonia on 18 May 2015 after being in a persistent vegetative state for nearly 42 years . 3
Late in life he suffered from depression . 2
't Hooft is most famous for his contributions to the development of gauge theories in particle physics . 2
Key : Years in parentheses denote the year of adoption by the state 's legislature . 3
The distinctive horns and muscular neck may have been used in fighting rivals of its own species . 2
Bland was diagnosed with triple- negative breast cancer in November 2016 . 2
It can be made by dissolving bromine in hot potassium hydroxide . 3
After the remaining population had been expelled , the Germans continued the destruction of the city . 2
Singapore has many Art Deco buildings from the 1920s and 1930s . 2
His career began as a health and fitness specialist . 2
A common use of a pinhole camera is to capture the movement of sunlight over a long period of time . 2
The body wall consists of a thin layer , which secretes a tough cuticle ; this is molted several times while growing to adulthood . 3
Protein biosynthesis , although very similar , is different for prokaryotes and eukaryotes . 3
Peat forms when plant material , usually in marshy areas , is inhibited from decaying fully by acidic and anaerobic conditions . 3
Chick 's views have been spread mostly through the tracts and , more recently , online . 2
Leatherback turtles are one of the deepest diving marine animals . 2
Context switches are usually computationally intensive , and much of the design of operating systems is to optimize the use of context switches . 3
The failure rate of a system usually depends on time , with the rate varying over the life cycle of the system . 2
Women had a relatively high status in ancient Egypt and enjoyed the legal right to own , inherit , or will property . 2
For the second season , the show began to change . 1
Merged with Saxe Weimar into Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach 3
Underwear is worn for a variety of reasons . 2
Refusing their reduced pay became a point of honor for the men of the 54th . 2
Content featuring male bisexuality has been a growing trend since the advent of internet pornography . 3
Sharpie markers are made with a number of tips . 2
Earth 's orbit is an ellipse . 3
In the late 1800s , the yoke and arrows became the political symbol of the Spanish socialist party . 2
In 741 , the church was destroyed in a fire . 2
On - shore and off-shore winds can be extremely strong , as the lake warms and cools more slowly than the land . 2
A weekly magazine was included in the Sunday paper . 1
The wreath was added against the rules of heraldry , breaking up the carpet pattern . 2
Convective cells may form in the surrounding area of troughs and give birth to a tropical cyclone . 3
The same is true , up to a point , of the chemical reactions of living things . 2
Barium bromide can be prepared from barium sulfide or barium carbonate via reaction with hydrobromic acid to give hydrated barium bromide . 3
German people started arriving in 1828 , after Brazilian independence . 2
Masonry is commonly used for the walls of buildings , retaining walls and monuments . 2
Bioorganic chemistry is that branch of life science , which deals with the study of biological processes using chemical methods . 2
Like many other plants , some palms are in danger of dying out because of human activity . 2
The disease was first reported in January 2007 in New York caves , although it was retrospectively detected in a photograph taken in early 2006 . 3
During late April , the Japanese submarines and reconnoitered the area where landings were planned . 3
Most Old World warblers are of generally undistinguished appearance , though some Asian species are boldly marked . 3
The site was excavated in August 2008 and again in August 2009 . 2
However , centralization of collectors ' organisations and periodicals was wanted : By 1924 , these local magazines eventually closed down . 2
The film was very well received by critics and audiences . 2
After the negotiations to end apartheid in South Africa commenced in 1990 , the nation re-joined the Olympic movement . 2
After the rinse cycle , the machine begins the extraction process , which recovers the solvent for reuse . 2
A common-use facility or terminal design disallows airlines to have its own proprietary check - in counters , gates and IT systems . 2
The basic parts of the LC - 6 were accepted . 2
For an individual person , information security has a big effect on privacy , which is viewed very differently by people in different cultures . 2
Some jelly fungi can be eaten raw ; poisonous jelly fungi are rare . 2
The silver birch is a medium-sized tree , which has triangle - shaped leaves . 2
There are many changes that can be placed on top of the fundamentals of battle royale . 2
It is used as a catalyst in organic chemistry . 2
Deomyines share no morphological characteristics that can be used to separate them from other muroids . 3
Early Egyptian medicine was based mostly on a mixture of magic and religious spells . 2
De facto segregation in the United States has increased since the civil rights movement . 3
He has edited and written many books and articles . 1
At about 10 : 30 AM the flight paths of the two aircraft intersected over the canyon , and they collided at a closing angle of about 25 degrees . 2
Though often used interchangeably , these words have different meanings . 2
Dial - up modem use in the US dropped to 60 % by 2003 , and in 2006 stood at 36 % . 2
Individual rolls of 135 film are enclosed in single-spool , light - tight , metal cassettes to allow cameras to be loaded in daylight . 2
The nine- banded armadillo also serves science through its unusual reproductive system , in which four genetically identical offspring are born , the result of one original egg . 3
With the creation of the Soest district in 1817 , its influence slowly rose . 2
The stage itself has been given named areas to help blocking . 2
Many electronic paper technologies keep the same text and images indefinitely without electricity . 2
These are Australian political parties which are no longer registered with any federal , state or territory political bodies , and can thus no longer contest elections . 2
When a wrestler jumps forward from an elevated position and executes a mid-air backflip . 2
The movie became very popular before it was released because of the title and because of many people talked about it on the Internet . 2
The class does not have a medusa larval stage in its development , unlike the rest of the phylum . 3
The common legal opinion on federal child labor regulation reversed in the 1930s . 2
Japanese has a long history of borrowing words from other languages . 2
Arrow was born on August 23 , 1921 in New York City , New York . 1
This , the child of the contradanza , was also danced in lines or squares . 2
The fur coloring of the lar gibbon varies from black and dark - brown to light - brown , sandy colors . 2
The following artists achieved three or more number-one hits during the 1990s . 2
Male stag beetles use their jaws to wrestle each other . 2
A Reading Time for 20 minutes every day is designated to help students cultivate a reading habit . 2
Each programme has two teams of three people . 2
Naming a child after a relative , friend , or well - known person is a common practice in the English -speaking world . 2
The amethyst woodstar 's natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest . 2
Wood is a natural composite of cellulose fibres in a matrix of lignin . 3
By the 1990s , the Federal government had reversed its views on wolves . 2
Genet developed throat cancer and was found dead on 15 April 1986 , in a hotel room in Paris . 2
The art of engraving on gems hardly advanced at all , limiting itself to mass -produced items that lacked originality . 2
Rolling resistance is also the reason at least one historical human civilization abandoned the use of wheels . 2
It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901 . 2
The range is about 500 km long and it covers a tract about 48 km broad . 2
Carbonate mineralization involves the formation of coal balls . 3
At age ten he was traveling , had boyfriends and wanted to be an actress . 2
Handcuffs with double locks have a detent which when engaged stops the cuff from ratcheting tighter to prevent the wearer from tightening them . 3
Polydnaviruses are a unique group of insect viruses that have a mutualistic relationship with some parasitic wasps . 3
As with all other cricket statistics , batting statistics and records are given much attention and provide a measure of a player 's effectiveness . 2
By 1880 the reliable water source had attracted many settlers . 2
The bloody eight - year war ended in a stalemate . 2
The city is situated in a lake region of forests and plains . 2
The Cybermen have had a number of weaknesses since their introduction . 2
However , it is an extremely persistent organic pollutant ; it does not degrade easily . 3
In one form or another slavery has been practiced since the earliest civilizations . 2
A ballroom dance figure in which during the last step the moving foot passes the support foot , rather than closes to it . 2
The permanent collection consists of more than 35,000 works of art . 2
Positive latitudes are north of the equator , negative latitudes are south of the equator . 3
Usually , the female builds the nest , and the male helps her . 1
Saltwater crocodiles mate in the wet season , when water levels are at their highest . 2
It is known for its inviting jungle gym-like characteristics . 2
The five subspecies of the short- beaked echidna are each found in different geographical locations . 3
The fourth- generation iPad is shipped with iOS 6.0 and later , iOS 7 . 2
The eleven municipalities have special status equal to the rayons . 2
For most of the first half of the 20th century , with a few exceptions , petticoats were out of fashion . 2
Hawking radiation reduces the mass and rotation energy of black holes and is therefore also known as black hole evaporation . 3
Of the total length of the railway routes 72 % or 2117 km are for public transport and does not include railway routes for freight rail transport . 2
American carrier aircraft had difficulty locating the target , despite the positions they had been given . 2
The city expanded quickly after the construction of a new wharf in 1931 , followed by its designation as the capital city of the then - French colony in 1933 . 2
Both forms of cardamom are used to add flavor to both food and drink , as cooking spices and as a medicine . 2
Ambush predators or sit-and - wait predators are carnivorous animals or other organisms , such as some carnivorous plants . 3
The bridge opened to traffic on December 31 , 1909 . 1
The university has its own campus with a total area of 35 000 m2 . 2
The opera was not a success , and audiences found the story confusing . 2
It is a kind of prisoner 's dilemma : saving benefits each individual but damages the general population . 3
The effectiveness of the measure was questioned , since the video was available not only on YouTube , but also on other sites as part of an Internet phenomenon . 2
If a sequence converges to a limit , then it is convergent ; otherwise it is divergent . 3
Alternation between a multicellular diploid and a multicellular haploid generation is never encountered in animals . 3
However , after a massive stroke in April 1940 , plans were made for his lying - in-state and state funeral . 2
Ramen comes in various shapes and lengths . 1
The phrase is used to signify that the monarch has granted his or her royal assent to a bill in order to make it become law . 3
Prairie dogs are chiefly herbivorous , though they eat some insects . 3
A seahorse is used as the company 's icon . 2
Watches progressed in the 17th century from spring-powered clocks , which appeared as early as the 14th century . 2
Spanish athletes have won a total of 132 medals . 2
Baber started her career as a private school principal from 1886 - 1888 . 2
All trains stop at every station along their route and run the entire length of their line from end to end . 2
In the center of a village the ground begins to open up and a strange green light emanates from within . 2
Its area is 2812 km2 , of which about three quarters are considered productive to trees or crops . 2
He next went down to the first-floor cafeteria , in which about a hundred people were gathered . 2
He is often shown with a yellow face . 2
Follies began as decorative accents on the great estates of the late 16th century and early 17th century but they flourished especially in the two centuries which followed . 3
The bank 's case , and failure amidst a political scandal is widely cited today in the Indian banking sector . 3
Small memories on or close to the CPU chip can be made faster than the much larger main memory . 2
The Sachertorte consists of a chocolate sponge cake with a thin layer of apricot jam in the middle and dark chocolate icing on the top and sides . 2
With around 10,000 known species , the Oligochaeta make up about half of the phylum Annelida . 3
The MIPS architecture provides a specific example for a machine code whose instructions are always 32 bits long . 2
The median income for a household in the county was $ 64,294 . 2
Eggs are laid one by one under old leaves of the hostplant , and are green or grey - blue . 2
The unit deals with cross disciplinary water issues relating to industry and mining . 2
Agrology of watercress is both a large scale and a garden scale . 2
Bioorganic chemistry is that branch of life science that deals with the study of biological processes using chemical methods . 3
Independence Day , the only holiday that celebrates the United States , is a national holiday marked by patriotic displays . 3
When the embryonic prosencephalon fails to divide the brain into two lobes , it results in a condition known as holoprosencephaly . 3
When people find specific impulse , the only fuel counted is in the rocket before it gets fired . 2
They are also used as pollinizers in apple orchards . 2
As the name implies , the line connects central Singapore to the north-eastern and south -western parts of the island . 2
In this form it represents a prisoner 's dilemma as saving is beneficial to each individual but deleterious to the general population . 3
Whenever someone dies , they are sent to a one of many mysterious bars run by bartenders serving as arbiters inside a tower in the afterlife . 3
The legal status of prostitution varies from country to country . 2
Whether counsel is retained or appointed , the defendant has a right to counsel without a conflict of interest . 2
The data from measurements of variations at points on the process map is monitored using control charts . 2
Eunomia appears to be a stretched but fairly round body , with what appear to be four sides of differing curvature and noticeably different average compositions . 3
Traditionally , the Japanese considered it disrespectful to call any person by his given name , and more so for a person of noble rank . 2
Countries using proportional representation have less of a tendency to create a two -party system because successful smaller parties are common . 2
The single most important substance deciding human skin color is the pigment melanin . 2
The papyrus is divided into eleven columns , distributed as follows . 2
Tonic immobility has been hypothesized to occur in humans undergoing intense trauma , including sexual assault . 2
Ophiuroids in general are mostly scavengers or detritivores . 3
But in the inland areas more than half of the population was Serbo- Croatian speaking , after the first years of the 18th century . 2
A simple cantilever span is formed by two cantilever arms extending from opposite sides of an obstacle to be crossed , meeting at the center . 3
A grenade explosion blew Apiata off the bonnet of his vehicle , where he had been sleeping . 2
The hazel dormouse requires a variety of arboreal foods to survive . 3
The four little ones left the United States on 21 June 1869 . 1
The city 's population became more diverse since the end of World War II , when a seemingly robust steel industry attracted thousands of workers . 2
Like all cryptographic keys , session keys must be chosen so that they cannot be predicted by an attacker , usually requiring them to be chosen randomly . 3
Even though there were such criticisms , the novel was still very popular . 2
Strategies of wildfire prevention , detection , and suppression have varied over the years . 2
Type 1 diabetes is a condition caused by a lack of insulin in the body . 3
Unlike lepidosaurian reptiles , pelycosaurs lacked reptilian epidermal scales . 3
Small hand - made balls contain a lead pellet wrapped in rubber and wool with a leather cover . 2
Pharmacoepidemiology bridges pharmacology and epidemiology and borrows their methodology from both of them . 3
This location is considered healing and is appreciated by some locals . 2
NMR spectra databases correlate chemical structure with NMR data . 3
The common toad comes out of hibernation in spring . 3
After this , the digesta is moved to the true stomach , the abomasum . 3
However , when once face with negative reactions to his open racism , he temporarily retreated . 2
Mammals are set out by size with largest at the top . 2
Homosociality is a term sometimes used in discussions of the all-male world of knightly life in medieval culture . 3
Loons are the size of a large duck or a small goose . 2
Of particular interest to astrobiology is the habitable zone of planetary systems where planets could have surface liquid water , and thus the capacity to harbor Earth - like life . 3
Goaltenders are not permitted to serve as captains during games . 2
A white dwarf is very hot when it is formed , but since it has no source of energy , it will gradually radiate away its energy and cool . 2
The other giant panda has dark brown and light brown fur . 1
Water turbines were developed in the nineteenth century and were widely used for industrial power prior to electrical grids . 2
Aquatic animals usually excrete ammonia directly into the water , as this compound is soluble and there is ample water available for dilution . 3
Redhill is the only MRT station in which the two platforms are not parallel to each other . 2
The major industry in recent times is tourism . 2
The discovery made headlines around the globe . 2
The plant grows in wet , shady places and flowers from the end of March to July , fruiting from April to September . 2
In most cases , contribution claims are made like the original claim itself . 2
The bridge is 800 ft in length with two towers , each 213 ft high , built on piers . 2
The following credits are sourced from liner notes . 2
Much of the area is irrigated . 2
The primary flight controls are intrinsically safe . 3
Cooking oil is flammable , and fires may be caused by it igniting at too high a temperature . 2
The orbits of centaurs are unstable due to perturbations by the giant planets . 3
The mortality rate of chikungunya is slightly less than 1 in 1000 . 2
The climate of the region is subtropical monsoonal . 2
His barcode acts as a security key to access areas of the facility where he was created and trained . 2
Despite later attempts to recover it , it has not been reliably sighted since . 2
Epidemiological practice and the results of epidemiological analysis make a significant contribution to health management 3
Chemical vapor deposition is also a widely used high temperature method for the preparation of coatings and semiconductors from molecular precursors . 3
The bridge is a single-span structure comprising three bowstring trusses which created two bays for the original two GWR tracks . 3
The third theme was used from 1962 - 1967 . 2
People have been pedicuring their nails for more than 4,000 years . 2
These concerns have intensified due to the actions of China , the predominant supplier . 3
The mineral form of potassium sulfate , arcanite , is relatively rare . 3
Juuso died after a long illness on 23 August 2014 , aged 69 . 1
A duchy is the territory or geopolitical entity ruled by a duke , whereas his title or area is often called a dukedom . 3
In the razor shell sexual development is highly synchronous . 3
The planes , with many damaged aircraft , landed on their carriers between 12 : 50 and 14 : 30 . 2
Early on July 1 , a strong and big tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa . 2
The procedure for caring for a beating heart cadaver is the same as caring for a normal patient . 2
Magnesium reacted with an alkyl halide gives a Gringard reagent , which is a very useful tool for preparing alcohols . 3
JLab houses the world 's most powerful tunable free-electron laser , with an output of over 14 kilowatts . 2
The tickets may have to be shown or checked automatically at the station platform or when going onto the system , or during the ride by a conductor . 2
The adults of this order possess four membranous wings , with the forewings and hindwings about the same size , and with many veins . 3
Naloxone is useful both in acute opioid overdose and in reducing respiratory or mental depression due to opioids . 3
The nomes remain in place for more than 3,000 years . 2
Australian Mists are medium-sized short - haired cats , with a round head and large eyes . 2
The electrolysis of water breaks water into hydrogen and oxygen , using electricity . 2
When the embryonic forebrain fails to divide the brain into two lobes , it results in a condition known as holoprosencephaly . 3
Mercury is extracted by heating cinnabar in a current of air and condensing the vapor . 3
As of 2010 , the municipality had a total population of 8,441 , up from 7,233 as of 2005 . 2
As an example , see the picture below : As one song ends , the next song begins . 1
The chessboard on the top of the box was thin . 2
Water wheels have been used for thousands of years for industrial power . 2
African wildcats are generally crepuscular , hunting at dawn and dusk . 3
Potassium ions are very important to organisms . 3
The show 's format remained the same from previous seasons of the show . 2
If the subject still wished to stop after all four successive verbal prods , the experiment was halted . 2
The song in this clade is essentially territorial , because it communicates the identity and whereabouts of an individual to other birds , and also signals sexual intentions . 3
The film won two wac awards of its eight nominations . 2
Morenz died from complications of a broken leg , an injury he suffered in a game . 2
The following artists achieved four or more number-one hits during the 2000s . 2
Institutions and towns may hold firework displays and bonfire parties , and the same is done on a smaller scale in back gardens throughout the country . 2
There are divisibility rules that allow one to recognize certain divisors of a number from the number 's digits . 2
Phishers have sometimes used images instead of text to make it harder for anti-phishing filters to detect the text commonly used in phishing emails . 3
Hydrazoic acid is extremely toxic , even more toxic than sodium azide . 3
The median income for a household in the city was $ 32,588 , and the median income for a family was $ 36,165 . 2
Waterbeds primarily consist of two types , hard - sided beds and soft-sided beds . 2
When part of a monastery , the chapter house is generally located on the eastern wing of the cloister , which is next to the church . 3
Oysters are harvested by simply gathering them from their beds . 2
For the 2006 season , the fuel was a 90 % / 10 % mixture of methanol and ethanol . 2
In the years 1219 and / or 1234 it appears as church village . 2
He is the only member of the Seven Lucky Gods with the ability to bring the dead back to life . 2
Solvents can be used to prepare solids by precipitation or by evaporation . 3
During the afternoon of July 16 , a tropical depression formed thousands of miles west of Mexico , and within 12 hours it strengthened into a tropical storm . 2
Female amphiumas lay their eggs in wet mud , and then remain coiled around them for about five months , until they hatch . 3
FGM may place women at higher risk of problems during pregnancy and childbirth , which are more common with the more extensive FGM procedures . 3
Canada is a developed country and has the tenth highest nominal per capita income globally as well as the tenth highest ranking in the Human Development Index . 2
The petrifaction process occurs underground , when wood becomes buried under sediment and is initially preserved due to a lack of oxygen which inhibits aerobic decomposition . 3
The main inscription was made of bronze letters . 2
Many Internet users have been tricked into looking at the site at one time or another , it has become something of an Internet meme . 2
Fossil water aquifers can also be artesian if they are under sufficient pressure from the surrounding rocks , similarly to how many newly tapped oil wells are pressurized . 3
The design claim can be challenged as an argument from analogy . 2
After World War II , European integration was seen as an antidote to the extreme nationalism which had devastated the continent . 3
The pug finally arrived in the United States during the 19th century and soon became popular there as well . 2
The presence of water alters the characteristics of a volcanic eruption . 3
However in April 1940 he suffered a massive stroke . 2
Unlike architectural design , where a specific performance level is the main goal , microarchitectural design pays closer attention to other constraints . 3
During the third hour after the shooting , an autopsy was performed due to overwhelming media interest . 2
More than 4400 m2 of the museum 's 11200 m2 is dedicated to exhibits . 2
Both sides claimed victory after the battle . 2
Fireworks dates back to the 7th century and originated in China . 2
A kitchen stove , cooker , or cookstove is a kitchen appliance designed for the purpose of cooking food . 2
Chopsticks are used in many countries . 2
On 25 September 2017 , he was admitted to a hospital due to liver failure . 2
Known as One Billion Rising for Justice , the event was held on February 2014 . 2
Electroreceptive animals use this sense to locate objects around them . 3
A few species that live in waters where the supply of food particles is very poor prey on crustaceans and other small animals . 3
In the game you have option of playing as selected celebrities and professionals from the show . 2
This is judged to be one of the pivotal battles in the control of Indian subcontinent by the colonial powers . 3
Constructing a cipher or hash to exhibit a substantial avalanche effect is one of the primary design objectives , and mathematically the construction takes advantage of the butterfly effect . 3
In other cultures , the name may include the place of residence , or the place of birth . 2
In each group , teams played against each other home - and - away in a round-robin format . 2
Hamsters are more crepuscular than nocturnal and , in the wild , remain underground during the day to avoid being caught by predators . 3
There are three ways a neural network can learn : supervised learning , unsupervised learning and reinforcement learning . 2
For example , the chemical formula of cyclohexane and 1 - hexene are CH . 3
The use of medial caps for compound identifiers is recommended by the coding style guidelines of many organizations or software projects . 2
Sea levels were high worldwide , and much of the land lay under shallow seas , where tropical reef organisms lived . 2
The great majority of large breakers one sees on an ocean beach result from distant winds . 2
Particle- antiparticle pairs can annihilate each other if they are in appropriate quantum states . 3
Serum is an important part of the self-renewal of embryonic stem cells when combined with the cytokine leukemia inhibitory factor . 3
Most spiders have four pairs of eyes on the top-front area of the body , arranged in patterns that vary from one family to another . 2
Tube worms form an important part of the community around a hydrothermal vent . 3
He discovered some comets , including periodic comet 22P / Kopff and the non-periodic C / 1906 E1 . 2
G5 - O33 The Horus name is the oldest form of the pharaoh 's name . 2
One notable thing of Japanese mythology is that it explains the origin of the Imperial family , and assigned them divinity . 3
There are three types of softball . 2
The find was made under very unfortunate circumstances . 2
Organometallic compounds may be found in the environment . 3
Each unit built in this way is a single 10 ft section of bridge , with a 12 ft roadbed . 2
The airport was closed for about five hours after the crash . 1
O' Connell was Australia 's oldest living Test captain up until his death on 28 June 2017 , at the age of 94 . 2
The flag has a white - edged red diagonal band radiating diagonally from the lower hoist- side corner . 3
Spyros Kyprianou died on 12 March 2002 after a long fight with prostate cancer . 2
Gang rapes usually involve three or more men as the ones who commit the crime . 2
A knee strike is where a wrestler strikes their opponent using their knees . 2
In 2007 , a special TGV set the speed record for rail vehicles , reaching 574,8 km / h. 2
A group that makes more money than it spends can lend or invest the excess profit . 2
However , novel- writing was not easy for women in the early nineteenth century . 2
The poem 's structure is divided into five sections . 2
The opportunity for launching an invasion was limited to only a few days in each month , because a full moon was needed . 2
During the day amphiumas hide in plants . 2
As a fine powder , toner can remain suspended in the air for some period , and is considered to have health effects comparable to inert dust . 2
Walker died after falling into a diabetic coma on 20 January 2015 , aged 41 . 2
Some books are original , but others have started as text copied from other sources of free-content textbooks found on the Internet . 2
Congenital syphilis is that which is transmitted during pregnancy or during birth . 3
The glans penis is the expanded cap of the corpus spongiosum . 3
During the construction , the bridge collapsed on 31 August 1939 , and 18 workers were killed . 2
Naming a child after a relative , friend , or well - known person is common in the English -speaking world . 2
Coupled with the expansion and expanded menu came the outsourcing of baked goods . 2
In the United States and Canada , digital clocks and computers commonly display 12 a. m at midnight . 2
Vadnais died of cancer on August 31 , 2014 , at the age of 68 . 1
The peninsula's main economic resource is agriculture . 2
Myxobacteria move by gliding on the surface . 3
The theory has been criticized and modified over the course of time . 2
What sexual behavior is considered promiscuous varies between cultures , as does the frequency of promiscuity . 2
The great white shark has no natural predators other than the killer whale . 2
Polonium has 42 known isotopes , all of which are radioactive . 3
Cold seeps occur over cracks in the seafloor caused by the movement of the Earth 's crust . 2
The settlement was near to the crossing of two old merchant roads and a ford over the river Ems . 2
In 1934 she was found living in poverty , and a retirement fund was established for her . 2
Trays are flat , but with raised edges to stop things from sliding off them . 2
Correlation diagrams , which connect the molecular orbitals of the reactant to those of the product having the same symmetry , can then be constructed for the two processes . 3
After mating has taken place , males do various things to stop the female mating again . 2
The number of white blood cells increases when a person is fighting infection or disease and decrease when a person is healthy . 2
The formula is important because it connects complex numbers and trigonometry . 3
The following 14 subspecies are recognized . 2
Although benzodiazepines work very well at treating alcohol withdrawal , they should be carefully used . 3
The selection order in the NHL Entry Draft is determined by a combination of lottery , regular season standing , and playoff results . 2
Absinthe traditionally has a natural green color , but may also be colorless . 2
Gold and silver were found in the area in 1867 . 1
It is too small to have any general lumber usage . 2
Oats are grown all over temperate places . 2
The practice is generally considered safe sex as long as the hands are protected with a latex gloves . 2
There is a guest house on the hill behind the main house . 1
Nitrogen dioxide is formed in most combustion processes using air as the oxidant . 3
Not all musical instruments make notes of a certain pitch . 2
The song was considered controversial upon release , because it was about religion . 2
Sometimes , glow fuel is called nitro or just model fuel . 2
She died of esophageal cancer in Tokyo on 11 January 2014 , aged 80 . 3
Most hormones initiate a cellular response by initially binding to either cell membrane associated or intracellular receptors . 3
Intraspecific competition occurs when members of the same species compete for the same resources in an ecosystem . 3
The fundamentals of bird flight are similar to those of aircraft , in which the aerodynamic forces sustaining flight are lift and drag . 3
In law , affinity may be relevant in relation to prohibitions on incestuous sexual relations and in relation to whether particular couples are prohibited from marrying . 3
The resistance to the Japanese occupation continued in the Philippines . 2
A forearm drop is where a wrestler jumps down onto an opponent and drives their forearm into anywhere on the opponent 's body . 2
Restaurants and bars usually will have coasters out on their tables . 2
In more recent times , U.S. warming centers are proliferating as a means to serve the unsheltered homeless during temperature and rainfall spikes . 3
Angel food cake needs the egg whites to be whipped until they are stiff , and carefully folded into the other ingredients . 2
There are different theories how water could enter the tank . 2
The thou , or mil , is most commonly used in engineering and manufacturing . 3
The silky sifaka has a social structure , and lives in groups of two to nine individuals . 2
It won the award for best pie in football two years running and attracted quite a reputation amongst away fans for its quality . 2
It is used in the manufacturing of photographic film , engraving and lithography . 3
These monkeys are active in the daytime , and live together in social groups . 2
Chlorophyll is necessary for photosynthesis , which allows plants to obtain energy from light . 3
Public space such as parks and beaches are essential venues for many recreational activities . 2
In 2013 , the church decided use the internet more to reach people , and is building a new studio to begin broadcasting in high-definition television . 2
Carbon monoxide can also be used in the water - gas shift reaction to produce hydrogen . 3
A prolific artist , he made several thousand paintings . 2
Rainbands spawned near and ahead of cold fronts can be squall lines which are able to produce tornadoes . 2
Numbers seven and eight on the list are of a different kind from the first six , and have generally not been considered by the other authors . 2
Winners are listed first . 1
The authors suggest that oil dependence is a problem we need no longer have . 2
Cooling refers to the process of becoming cold , or lowering in temperature . 2
Arrow was born on 23 August 1921 , in New York City . 1
As of 2010 , the municipality had a total population of 16,785 , up from 15,935 as of 2005 . 2
However , mitochondrial DNA reflects only the history of the females in a population and so may not represent the history of the population as a whole . 3
Most sea snakes are able to breathe through their skin . 2
Heterokont chloroplasts appear to derive from those of red algae , rather than directly from prokaryotes as occurred in plants . 3
To swim , the nautilus draws water into and out of the living chamber with its hyponome , which uses jet propulsion . 2
Early photographers used it in flash powder . 2
Mapother has become widely known as a character actor , who sometimes plays scary or otherwise dark characters . 2
Black powder rocket propellant is a lot like old fashioned gunpowder . 2
Some of these performances were cut from the DVD for copyright reasons . 2
In the 18th and 19th centuries , French literature and poetry reached its best . 2
Integral calculus is the process of calculating the area underneath a graph of a function . 2
Gameplay revolves around the player purchasing food , cat toys , and furniture to attract a variety of cats to their home . 2
Despite the key rarely being used in orchestral music other than to modulate , it is not entirely uncommon in keyboard music . 2
Inherited factors are about 60 % responsible for the variability in uric acid level . 2
In March 2011 , the band announced they would take a break . 1
This breed originated in the second half of the nineteenth century in Japan . 2
The find was made under unfortunate circumstances . 2
In the night , many watches and warnings were stopped . 2
Millions of people were in lines over a three - day voting period . 2
Prior to the start of the season , the divisions of the league were re-aligned to better reflect the locations of the teams . 2
At first , people believed that sometime in the 7th or 8th century , the city was sacked and burned by invaders . 2
With further transistor size reductions made available with semiconductor technology advances , multi-core CPUs have appeared where multiple CPUs are implemented on the same silicon chip . 2
Developed countries have , which means that the service sector becomes more important , and the is less important . 2
Demi-pointe shoes are often used to train dancers who are new to pointe technique . 2
Sixth is the roof escape opening that is in place on all Funny Cars since the division was made in the early 1970s . 2
The terracotta army figures were manufactured in workshops by government laborers and local craftsmen using local materials . 2
There are currently 14 teams playing in the DEL . 2
By the 7th millennium BCE , exceedingly large and organized settlements were found in the region , relying on deep wells for sources of water . 3
It has often been noted for its complex lightcurves , which made determination of its shape and rotation somewhat difficult . 2
With around 10,000 species the Oligochaetes make up about a half of the phylum Annelida . 3
Like many toucans , Keel-billed is a very social bird , rarely seen alone . 2
Thermal resistance is the inverse of thermal conductance . 2
From time to time , individuals joined the Order by special permission . 2
The most important part of the temple was the sanctuary , which typically contained a cult image , a statue of its god . 2
This park has three valleys . 1
Several times people in Australia have wanted to remove the monarchy . 2
Prizes are also given to publicize noteworthy or exemplary behavior , and to provide incentives for improved outcomes and competitive efforts . 3
Keratinocytes , a type of skin cell , migrate with a rolling motion during the process of wound healing . 3
In some cases , when cold snaps threaten wildlife , warming centers are created and operated to protect endangered wild animals . 2
Health care for the homeless is a major public health challenge . 2
In order to enable the promotion of all Form 3 students to Form 4 in the school , the school altered the class structure to a symmetrical one . 3
There are different types of encyclopedias . 3
Airolo is also a small ski-resort with 30 km of ski slopes . 2
Since these lust and attraction stages are both described as temporary , a third stage might describe long-term love . 2
In most cases , children belonging to mothers having gestational diabetes are at higher risk of childhood obesity and Type 2 diabetes later in life . 3
Tree frogs are usually tiny as their weight has to be carried by the branches and twigs in their habitats . 2
Harris died on 9 May 2019 , at the age of 93 . 1
The taxonomy of the herring gull / lesser black - backed gull complex is very complicated , with different authorities recognizing between two and eight species . 3
Corroboree frogs are the first vertebrates discovered that are able to make their own poisonous alkaloid , pseudo- phrynamine . 3
A collection of plateaus constitute a large part of the plain . 3
Prior to the late 1980s , fans could station themselves up to the guardrails so they could be closer to the action . 2
Rock crawling is about slow-speed , careful and precise driving , and high torque generated through large gear reductions in the vehicle 's drivetrain . 3
IP versions 0 to 3 were experimental versions , used between 1977 and 1979 . 2
The restoration includes a television of the same type originally installed in the console . 2
The industry of the town was initially tied to the abundant fruit growing operation . 2
Surgical removal of the adenoid is a procedure called adenoidectomy . 3
As of 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 2647 . 2
The bird lives in mudflats and shallow coastal lagoons with salt water . 2
Hawks have four types of color receptors in the eye . 2
It has been suggested that many of the existing plant and most animal species have undergone an event of polyploidization in their evolutionary history . 3
There was controversy reported in the news in India . 2
The effectiveness of the measure has been questioned , since the video is not available only on YouTube , but rather has become an Internet phenomenon . 2
Peat swamp forests are typically surrounded by lowland rain forests on better- drained soils , and by brackish or salt - water mangrove forests near the coast . 3
The kinetoplastids were first defined by Bronislaw M. Honigberg in 1963 as the members of the flagellated protozoans . 3
Absinthe has often been portrayed as a dangerously addictive psychoactive drug and hallucinogen . 3
Gamma rays are produced by some types of radioactive atoms . 3
Iodic acid is used as a strong acid in analytical chemistry . 2
There were 46 tornadoes confirmed in the United States in November . 2
Her career started in 1950 . 1
He is a key figure in landscape painting , and painted many works . 2
The film received positive reviews from critics . 2
Building construction is the process of adding structure to real property . 2
Announced in the evening of polling day , the result was 56.4 % for against leaving and 43.6 % for independence . 2
He died on 12 July 2019 , four days before his 85th birthday . 1
Gathering was the job of the women and children . 1
The total area of the islets is about 187,554 m2 , with their highest point at 168.5 m on the West Islet . 2
Virgin purchased twenty percent of the team , as part of sponsorship arrangement . 2
A three - point stance clothesline is where a wrestler lines up in a three - point stance , charges at the opponent and clotheslines them . 2
Pollination in this genus is accomplished in an unusual manner , as the pollen is grouped into pollen sacs . 2
Pi bonds result from overlap of atomic orbitals that are in contact through two areas of overlap . 2
The specimen was probably not fully grown at the time of its death . 2
Some people consider catsuits to be a fetish item . 2
Managing and Operating on frequency tabulated data is much simpler than operation on raw data . 2
It was active for 55 years , until 1938 . 1
Bacteria make up most of the flora in the colon and 60 % of the dry mass of feces . 3
Bromine is toxic and corrosive to skin . 3
The book includes 36 short essays predicting the consequences of global warming and has been translated into over twenty languages . 2
The short - beaked common dolphin is a medium-sized dolphin , but is smaller than the other species of the genus Delphinus , the long- beaked common dolphin . 2
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas . 2
Teams begin training camps in September . 1
Adults of both sexes are medium to large birds . 2
These frogs lack adhesive toe discs found in the tree frogs . 3
Carme did not get its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as Jupiter XI . 2
Python is a good programming language for beginners . 2
Distributed shared memory systems mimic these mechanisms in an attempt to maintain consistency between blocks of memory in loosely coupled systems . 2
The electrolysis of water is a simple method of producing hydrogen . 2
For an algebraic proof of this result , start with the equation 2
For transportation to centers , some offer free transportation , in some cases for persons being released from jail into conditions of inclement weather . 2
Several November records for deep snow were broken . 2
Symbolically , spires have two functions . 2
The violin can be played either standing or sitting down . 2
The resort initially depended on railroad and electric trolley service . 2
In the US , greater than 200,000 surgeries are performed each year for pelvic organ prolapse and 81 % of these are to correct cystocele . 3
Shoeman died in an act of suicide by refusing to eat or drink at a retirement center in South Africa at the age of 77 . 2
By the 1920s , repression of capoeira had declined . 3
Europe lies mainly in the temperate climate zones , being subjected to prevailing westerlies . 2
Although most of a cell 's DNA is contained in the cell nucleus , the mitochondrion has its own independent genome that shows substantial similarity to bacterial genomes . 3
The great crested grebe has an elaborate mating display . 3
Minerals are not equivalent to rocks . 2
The fundamental plane is the plane of the Earth 's orbit , called the ecliptic plane . 3
Agriculture and commerce with Haiti represent the main economic activities of this municipality . 2
There is a debate about the use of nuclear power . 2
In 1979 the government gave money to protect the site as a tourist area , because of its historical importance . 2
The university has its own campus with a total area of 35 000m2 . 2
Females wear a tartan kilt with a velvet jacket , worn with a lace insert , or a sleeveless velvet vest worn over a white blouse . 3
As of January 23 , 2010 the death toll from the floods has risen to 68 with 26 others still missing . 2
Another application of material science in industry is the making of composite materials . 2
Japan was the first country to build dedicated railway lines for high-speed travel . 2
A flounder 's food is mainly fish spawn , crustaceans , polychaetes and small fish . 3
A female Gilbert 's potoroo can have two babies in a year , while carrying only one at a time . 2
The common names for aldehydes are not always the official names . 3
Arns died on January 12 , 2010 as a result of the 2010 Haiti earthquake . 2
Praxidike belongs to the Ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break - up of a captured asteroid . 3
As Europeans made inroads into Africa in the early 19th century , guns were developed to handle the very large game encountered . 2
The frog spends most of its life underground and surfaces only during the monsoon , for mating . 2
The telescope will use seven of the world 's largest mirrors as primary mirror segments , each 8.417 m in diameter . 2
As of early 2017 , there are 131 species assigned to this genus , including the species listed below . 2
A serekh was normally used as a royal crest , showing the name of the pharaoh . 3
The cake consists of a dense chocolate cake with a thin layer of apricot jam on top , coated in dark chocolate icing on the top and sides . 2
The Long-tailed Sylph is almost the same in color but does not overlap in range . 2
One way to think about mental health is by looking at how effectively and successfully a person functions . 2
It is extremely toxic . 2
The show also has slang not used in today 's culture . 2
C- type asteroids are extremely dark , with albedos typically in the 0.03 to 0.10 range . 2
Traditionally , this dance performed without any instruments . 2
The burgh has a population of approximately 1,300 with about 25 per cent of pensionable age . 2
A commercial failure is a product that does not complete a goal . 2
As surveying is related to mathematics , he later studied the geometrical importance of complex numbers . 2
Blood moves from the heart to arteries , which branch and narrow into smaller arteries , and then branch more into capillaries . 3
The service sector constitutes most of the local economy . 2
The government 's main concern has been to improve the economy . 2
Federalist No. 10 is generally regarded as the most important of the 85 articles from a philosophical perspective . 3
Iconoclasm may be carried out by adherents of a different religion , but it is more often the result of sectarian disputes between factions of the same religion . 3
The Vampire Squid likely reproduces slowly by way of a small number of large eggs . 2
Grebes make their nest from plants found in the water . 2
During much of the letterpress era , movable type was composed by hand for each page . 3
The city is a popular tourist destination . 2
It was once used as a black pigment . 2
Safety glasses are worn to protect the eyes in various situations . 2
Lamorak was known for his strength and fiery temper , and fought off thirty knights on at least two occasions . 2
Gifted and talented education has a long history of thousands of years . 2
By the early 1990s , a wide array of companies had their own diet refreshments on supermarket shelves . 2
3 ... Bf5 is most often played . 1
In the Japanese cuisine , chefs often use shellfish and their roe in different dishes . 3
On Earth , most basalt magmas have formed by melting of the mantle . 3
Fifth is the on board fire control system that all cars must have . 2
The species has been introduced to both the United States and New Zealand . 2
Yeoh died of a heart attack on 18 October 2017 at the age of 87 . 1
The towns which compound this department nowadays had different origin . 2
The river is known for its water mills ; during the 1950s , they numbered approximately 18 . 2
Altogether , the fauna of the time had many large herbivores and few terrestrial carnivores . 3
Most of the city 's 19th century houses were built of limestone mined nearby . 2
Hot chocolate can be made with dark , semisweet , or bittersweet chocolate . 2
A cheese fondue would be kept at a temperature warm enough to keep the fondue smooth and liquid but not at a great heat to cause burning . 3
Green toads are green or yellow with black spots . 2
Directly subordinate to the Assistant Commissioners are approximately 40 Chief Superintendents , about half of whom supervise what are called Divisions . 3
Radiation therapy is used on tumors because of its ability to control cell growth . 3
Pump jets have some advantages over bare propellers for certain applications , usually related to requirements for high-speed . 3
The origin of the wedge is unknown , because it has been in use as early as the Stone Age . 2
Blight disappeared on April 3 , 2005 . 1
There were two parts to the operation . 2
Tests tubes are often preferred above beakers when multiple small chemical or biological samples have to be handled and / or stored . 3
The goatse . cx domain name was reported sold at an auction on April 30 , 2007 to an unknown bidder . 2
Carbohydrates are a food source rich in energy . 3
A for-loop has two parts : a header specifying the iteration , and a body which is executed once per iteration . 2
The club decided in 2009 to become an alliance club from 2010 . 2
Chopsticks are used in cooking to stir materials in a pan , or to help move meals . 2
Bismuth is used in metal alloys with other metals such as iron . 2
Differential calculus is the study of the definition , properties , and applications of the derivative of a function . 3
The song is about people who suffer , including a girl with cancer . 2
1999 Special Edition bonus disc 1
Scientists discovered the bacterium in a 43 - year- old American woman who had traveled to Peru for three weeks . 2
Competition occurs when organisms or species need or use the same resources . 2
Cattle are large grazing animals with two -toed or cloven hooves and a four-chambered stomach . 3
While the trustee is given legal title to the trust property , in accepting title the trustee owes a number of fiduciary duties to the beneficiaries . 3
The band also participated at Dansbandskampen 2009 , being one of the finalists . 2
Bopp died of liver failure on January 5 , 2018 , at the age of 68 . 2
Basic general information about the clients : creator / company , license , etc . 2
Barium oxide is made by heating barium carbonate with carbon . 3
The nose cavity is divided into a right and left passageway . 2
Crystals are regular arrays of atoms , and X - rays can be considered waves of electromagnetic radiation . 3
Designers need to take into account that color-blindness is highly sensitive to differences in material . 2
Postal regions do not necessarily follow state boundaries , so sorting by state is not practical . 3
It got city rights in 1249 . 1
Research usually involve a mixture of field and laboratory studies . 2
Photolysis is part of the light- dependent reactions of photosynthesis . 3
Iodic acid is used to make other iodates by reacting bases with iodic acid . 3
Goods -only trains were not normally used , and usually goods wagons were attached to any passenger trains . 2
Eun-yi succumbs to the effects of the poison , and Mi-hee arranges an abortion without Eun-yi 's consent . 2
An aftershock is an earthquake that occurs after a previous earthquake , the mainshock . 2
The population was 41,558 at the 2010 census . 2
Some crab apples are used as rootstocks for domestic apples to stand up to cold or drought . 2
Nitromethane is added to the fuel for more power and to make the engine easier to tune . 2
A faux mixing of Romance languages occurs in the last three lines of the song . 2
Eigenvalues and eigenvectors feature prominently in the analysis of linear transformations . 3
Gorgoneia painted on the shields of warriors on mid-5th century Greek vases are not as ugly , strange or frightening . 3
Bullet design also affects what happens when a bullet hits an object . 2
Editors have so far released two platinum studio albums , and six in total , with several million combined sales . 2
Grosics died on 13 June 2014 , aged 88 . 1
The inner ear is found in all vertebrates , with substantial variations in form and function . 3
Larger code size can be used to increase program speed when using . 2
Political parties became legal in mid-1992 after a ten-year hiatus . 2
The statement that is being tested against the null hypothesis is the alternative hypothesis . 3
His career started in 1960 and continually worked on makeup until 2012 . 2
There are three differences to the previous report . 1
In 2004 , the firm launched a policy orchestration initiative to integrate patch management , assessment and remediation of remote and mobile computers into its connectivity platform . 3
This plant is easy to grow . 1
Free vibration occurs when a mechanical system is set in motion with an initial input and allowed to vibrate freely . 3
Trapping headbutts are where a wrestler holds both of the opponent 's arms under their own and hits the opponent with a series of headbutts . 3
The Elephant birds , which were giant ratites , have been extinct since at least the 17th century . 2
He died 23 December 2018 at the age of 86 after a brief illness . 1
The principal difference between the BJT and HBT is in the use of different semiconductor materials for the emitter and base regions , making a heterojunction . 3
Sauces may be used for savory dishes or for desserts . 2
About 400 hotels and restaurants were ordered to close for violating local environmental laws , while 3 casinos have been permanently shut down . 2
Sea levels can be affected by many factors and are known to have varied greatly over geological time scales . 2
Barcelona is one of the most important tourist destinations in Europe , with millions of people visiting every year . 2
The design of the trains was finalized in September 2004 . 2
Various works of fiction put forward the idea of terraforming Mars to allow a wide variety of life forms , including humans , to survive unaided on Mars ' surface . 3
Sexual reproduction involves the production of ascospores . 3
There is some sexual dimorphism in this species . 3
Their small budget was another reason to use the ship for much of the storytelling . 2
The idiom is not unique to English . 2
From this beginning , in the 1950s , a good-sized theory has been built up . 2
Polymorphism is common in nature ; it is related to biodiversity , genetic variation , and adaptation . 3
Mastic is used in food , medicine , and industry . 2
The On-ice official category has been in existence since 1961 and since then sixteen have been inducted . 2
Two players regularly form a side in courts divided by a net like tennis . 2
Bullet designs have to solve two primary problems . 2
Some of the voice actors who voiced the characters in the films were unable to reprise their roles for the series . 3
The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 23 % rating on Rotten Tomatoes . 2
Moths , usually their caterpillars , are a major farm pest in many parts of the world . 3
Construction of the bridge started in September 1938 . 2
The song was released in November 2013 . 1
A properly engineered structure does not necessarily have to be extremely strong or expensive . 2
The diagram illustrates the encryption process . 2
By the 1920s , capoeira repression had declined . 3
It is also possible to associate a sign to an angle of rotation in three dimensions , assuming the axis of rotation has been oriented . 3
He died on 18 October 2017 . 1
After many concerts , the band went back to Sweden and began writing songs for their next album . 2
There were just two entries in the quad doubles , and they played a straight final to decide the championship . 2
Three foot messengers are running along the riverside , one of them stops to take a drink from the river . 2
With approximately 25 phonemes , the German consonant system has an average number of consonants in comparison with other languages . 3
It is known as a spa , specialising in mud treatment for rheumatism and similar ailments . 3
Medications can treat African trypanosomiasis . 3
Protactinium is both toxic and highly radioactive . 3
An aerostat is a system that remains aloft primarily through the use of buoyancy to give an aircraft the same overall density as air . 3
The melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals as necessary . 2
The two teams have never played each other before . 1
When the baby is latched on correctly , the nipple is located against the soft palate in the back of the baby 's mouth . 2
In the United States , campaigns have made people believe that wildfires are always bad for nature . 2
Type I collagen is present in many forms of connective tissue , and makes up about 25 % of the total protein content of the mammalian body . 2
Nobbs died on 8 August 2015 aged 80 . 1
Grommerch developed breast cancer in 2007 ; there is a family history of the disease . 2
The province is rich in material resources such as iron and nickel . 2
Short 's unsolved murder and the details surrounding it have had caused many theories and public speculation . 2
The pug was also becoming famous in other European countries as well . 2
Leaf insects are camouflaged taking on the appearance of leaves . 3
Renewable energy can also contribute to better health by providing energy to refrigerate medicine and sterilize medical equipment . 3
This list is arranged by drainage basin , with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream 's name . 3
Electroreceptive animals use this sense to find where objects are . 3
There are five subspecies of the short- beaked echidna . 3
The yellow flowers of the plant produce hairy seed pods , with each pod containing roughly a half dozen seeds . 2
Pamphlets can contain anything , such as user instructions information for kitchen appliances , or religious and political ideas . 2
It is made by burning phosphorus in a little air . 3
The forests contain a great variety of plants and animals . 2
In straight pool , the person shooting may attempt to pocket any ball on the table . 2
B. F. Skinner was responsible for a different type of machine called GLIDER , which used his ideas on how learning should be directed with positive reinforcement . 2
Since 1940 , the southeastern US region has seen a shift to production of Runner group peanuts . 2
Session keys can introduce complication into a system . 2
Artesian wells were named after the former province of Artois in France , where many artesian wells were drilled by Carthusian monks from 1126 . 3
There is also the Japan Monkey park , with different species of monkeys and other entertainment . 2
Caramel sauce is made by mixing caramelized sugar with cream . 2
Diffusion means that changing a single character of the input will change many characters of the output . 2
Game theory has also been used in philosophy . 2
Protactinium is both toxic and highly radioactive and thus all manipulations with it are performed in a sealed glove box . 3
Fundamental to the discipline are the sciences of physics and mathematics as these help to obtain both a qualitative and quantitative description of how such systems will work . 3
The Internet has made it easier to both spread and debunk urban legends . 2
In August and September 2011 the statue was vandalized three times , most recently being splashed with red paint . 3
The second half of glycolysis is known as the pay-off phase , characterized by a net gain of the energy - rich molecules ATP and NADH . 3
Urinary tract infections have been described since ancient times . 3
In mathematics , the number four is an even number and the smallest composite number . 2
An observer standing on the Earth 's equator visualizes the celestial equator as a semicircle passing directly overhead through the zenith . 3
When once facing with negative reactions to his open racism , he temporarily retreated . 2
In Finland , solitary and contemplative isolation is often the object of the pastime . 3
Statistical hypothesis testing is founded on the assessment of differences and similarities between frequency distributions . 3
The buildings are not tall , but the complex covers a large area of land . 2
Facilities for visitors around the lake include camping areas , picnic areas , toilets and barbecues . 2
The mating period lasts from April to June . 2
Cerebellar ataxia is ataxia that is caused by a problem with a person 's cerebellum . 3
Paper clips can be used to pick a lock . 2
Meads is widely considered one of the greatest players in history . 2
The song received many positive reviews from critics . 2
Self resonant loop antennas are relatively large , governed by the intended wavelength of operation . 2
However , studies on the dhole 's DNA show little genetic difference between the subspecies . 2
Skinks have been around a long time : their jawbones appear in the fossil record about 140 million years ago , during the early Cretaceous . 3
On Earth , most basalt magmas have formed by decompression melting of the mantle . 3
The species can also be found in northern Germany , but the population there is low . 2
Until recently , electroreception was known only in vertebrates . 3
The Romans adopted the Greek tradition , becoming the first people to write history in a non-Greek language . 2
In some jurisdictions , schools are required to conduct regular tornado drills , though generally less frequently than fire drills . 3
The property became famous for its rose garden . 2
Researchers have also found illusory superiority in relationship satisfaction . 2
It was supposed that he possessed a spiritual healing power against snake bites . 2
It follows from the second law of thermodynamics that the entropy of a system that is not isolated may decrease . 3
Each round uses 6 16 - bit sub-keys , while the half- round uses 4 , a total of 52 for 8.5 rounds . 2
Bartholin 's glands secrete mucus to provide vaginal lubrication during sexual arousal . 3
Farren died on 3 February 2016 of cancer . 1
Peat forms when plant material does not fully decay in acidic and anaerobic conditions . 3
Eventually bombards were superseded by weapons using smaller caliber iron projectiles fired from longer barrels with more powerful gunpowder . 3
The upper side of the wings is black . 2
Porcelain originated in China , and it took a long time to reach the modern material . 3
Mudrocks make up fifty percent of the sedimentary rocks in the geologic record , and are easily the most widespread deposits on Earth . 3
This period dates from 1908 to 1914 and the beginning of World War I . 2
In English , these trees are called planes or plane trees . 2
In multiplayer mode , up to 4 people can play against each other non-stop . 2
The friction between the ropes and the pulley furnishes the traction which gives this type of elevator its name . 2
All hardcovers contain the contents of the comics , including the covers , and in some cases bonus material . 2
In reality , a close analysis leaves no doubt that the work was entirely produced in marble . 2
A bailiwick is a territory governed by a bailiff . 3
Electric rays are found from shallow coastal waters down to at least 1000 m deep . 2
Because alpine tundra is located in various widely separated regions of the Earth , there is no animal species common to all areas of alpine tundra . 3
The idiom is based on the popular understanding of the elevated place of cows in Hinduism and appears to have emerged in America in the late 19th century . 2
The fruit is usually eaten by cutting it in half , then scooping out the pulp with a spoon . 2
In the 15th century , the first Europeans arrived . 1
Color schemes are logical combinations of colors on the color wheel . 2
Bull sharks are viviparous , meaning that they give live birth . 2
It can also be used as a gender neutral third person singular pronoun . 3
Pamphlets can contain anything from information on kitchen appliances to medical information and religious treatises . 3
Standing ovations are also often given in a sporting game to reflect an outstanding individual performance . 2
No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign . 2
To find the shape of the minimal surface bounded by some arbitrary shaped frame using strictly mathematical means can be a daunting task . 3
Avant - garde represents a going against what is accepted as the norm , especially in culture . 2
Glasses can also protect the eyes . 2
Knowledge of them comes not only from language , but also from archaeology and archaeogenetics . 3
It is possible for the frenulum to tear during sexual activities . 3
Visibility less than 100 m is often called zero . 2
It became extinct in Africa some 1.5 million years ago . 2
Interchangeable bits allow the use of powered screwdrivers , commonly using an electric or air motor to rotate the bit . 3
Saliva contains the enzyme amylase , which hydrolyses starch into maltose and dextrin . 3
During an autopsy , bruises accompanying abrasions indicate the abrasions occurred while the individual was alive , as opposed to damage incurred post mortem . 3
Canada provided a thermal plasma analyzer . 2
The blast killed at least 91 people and injured 1,400 others . 2
From 2012 to 2013 , viewership went up from 613,000 to 571,000 . 2
Regular bus services operate in the city . 2
Three types of flagella have so far been distinguished ; bacterial , archaeal and eukaryotic . 3
A vowel may be placed between consonants to separate them . 3
The mobile stalls sell mainly two kinds of products , street food and clothes . 2
Supernovae are the most dramatic type of cataclysmic variable , being some of the most energetic events in the universe . 3
5566 not only work together as a group , but also individually . 2
The tits are active , noisy , social birds . 2
No certain dates can be assigned to this empress 's life or reign . 2
The park was declared a reserve in 1964 and on 12 June 1981 it became the 28th national park of Thailand . 2
On 9 December , it was confirmed that at least 80 foreign heads of state and government would travel to South Africa to attend events . 1
Polonium is highly dangerous and has no biological role . 3
Their small budget was a reason to use the ship for much of telling the story . 2
As emo entered the mainstream , it became a subculture . 2
In the era between convict settlement and the rise of the modern tourist industry the area was mostly engaged in the timber industry and fishing . 2
Cadmium telluride is used to make electricity in solar cells . 3
Elliptical galaxies range in shape from nearly spherical to nearly flat , and in size from hundreds of millions to over one trillion stars . 3
Massive hydrographical studies are usually undertaken by national or international organizations that sponsor data collection through surveys and publication of charts and descriptive materials for navigational purposes . 3
Distinguishing features of this earless seal include square fore flippers and thick bristles on its muzzle . 3
The Red Crown is often shown in texts , wall carvings and statues . 2
Nitrous oxide also may be used in a monopropellant rocket . 3
Centrosomes are not needed for the mitosis to happen . 3
A low normal to low absolute lymphocyte concentration is associated with increased rates of infection after surgery or trauma . 3
Prince Be suffered a massive stroke in early 2005 that left him paralyzed on the left side of his body . 3
Anatole France start his career as a parnassianism poet . 2
He died on 21 June 2014 from acute respiratory failure after being hospitalized with pneumonia . 3
The rod is still in use as a unit of measure in certain specialised fields . 2
How supermassive black holes get started is not yet known . 2
The common toad reaches maturity at three to seven years . 2
Production on the show ended in February 2001 . 2
Iran has an area of 1,648,000 square kilometres and is the sixteenth largest in size . 1
The Internet will give rise to a completely new understanding of private and public . 2
This is the smallest region in Italy with an area of 3260.9 km2 , and a population of about 126,883 . 2
All formulas in this article are correct in SI units , but in other unit systems , the formulas may need to be changed . 2
Americium -Aluminum alloys are formed by the melting of americium dioxide with aluminum and a fluxing agent . 3
The petrifaction process occurs underground , when wood becomes buried under sediment or volcanic ash and is initially preserved due to a lack of oxygen which inhibits aerobic decomposition . 3
Sometimes it is difficult to tell the difference between anaphylaxis ; asthma ; fainting caused by not having enough oxygen ; and panic attacks . 3
Neighborhoods are usually created by social interaction between people living near each another . 2
Owing to the Kuril-Kamchatka Trench , deep-focus seismic events and tsunamis are fairly common . 3
In contrast to the forelimbs , the three - toed hindlimbs were long and thick , supporting the body in a bipedal posture . 3
The origin of supermassive black holes remains an open field of research . 2
The episode includes cover versions of six songs . 2
It may be possible to terraform Mars to allow a wide variety of living things . 2
The ovary typically develops into a capsule that is dehiscent by three or six longitudinal slits , while remaining closed at both ends . 3
Mast cells are a type of innate immune cell that reside in connective tissue and in the mucous membranes . 3
Oxygen is the most abundant chemical element by mass in the Earth 's biosphere , air , sea and land . 3
He moved to Paris in 1802 where he spent the rest of his life . 1
Gestation lasts around six to seven months . 2
Women wear a feminine tartan kilt , a short white blouse with a sleeveless velvet jacket over it , matching tartan hose and ghilies shoes . 3
The South developed an agricultural economy dependent on commodity crops . 2
The battle abruptly ended the period of triumphant Roman expansion that followed the end of the Civil Wars forty years earlier . 3
As the Mesozoic progressed , the Protosuchia gave rise to more typically crocodile - like forms . 3
After the Baroque period composers did not often write toccatas . 2
What is unusual is the overall tilt of the plateaus and hills . 3
The house was built in 1750 ; there was an addition added in the 1820s . 2
Ortac is noted for its large gannet colony . 2
The greater flamingo resides in mudflats and shallow coastal lagoons with salt water . 2
Statistics are correct as of 3 March 2008 . 2
The release of pituitary hormones by both the anterior and posterior lobes is under the control of the hypothalamus , albeit in different ways . 3
In cricket , a batsman 's average is the total number of runs he has scored divided by the number of times he has been got out . 2
Blossom died on July 8 , 2011 at the age of 87 of cerebrovascular disease . 3
The elytra act as protective wing -cases for the hind wings underneath , which are used for flying . 3
Echinoderms exhibit secondary radial symmetry in portions of their body at some stage of life . 3
The symptoms of CJD are caused by the progressive death of the brain 's nerve cells , which is associated with the build - up of abnormal prion protein molecules forming amyloids . 3
Barcelona is one of the most densely populated cities in Europe . 2
Many foods can trigger anaphylaxis , even when the food is eaten for the first time . 2
The party favors the civil right to information privacy and reforms of copyright , education , genetic patents and drug policy . 3
After enamel and dentin are destroyed and cavity reaches the dental pulp and nerves of the tooth , the tooth becomes sensitive since the nerves are exposed . 3
The game ends either when all contestants are eliminated or when the question for the highest value in the money tree is answered . 3
A port of call is a place where a ship stops before it has finished its trip . 2
Young open clusters may be contained within the molecular cloud from which they formed , illuminating it to create an H II region . 3
The apical complex includes vesicles called rhoptries and micronemes , which open at the anterior of the cell . 3
At present , over 700 professors teach at the university . 2
On 21 July , the fire was 15 % contained but burned through 74,083 acres . 2
Contributions to painting and architecture have been especially rich . 2
The bacteria that cause urinary tract infections usually go into the bladder from the uretha . 3
Copper is one of a few metallic elements with a natural color other than gray or silver . 2
A router is connected to two or more data lines from different IP networks . 2
The belts are located in the inner region of Earth 's magnetosphere . 3
The new technology enabled rapid identification and deliberate alteration of genes for the purpose of changing the characteristics of an organism . 3
The project 's source code is freely reusable under the MIT License . 2
Epoxides can be made by oxidation of alkenes . 3
Lichenometry is a technique used to determine the age of exposed rock surfaces based on the size of lichen thalli . 3
An analysis shows that the work is completely made in marble . 2
Points were awarded to the top 10 classified finishers . 2
Mortars have existed for hundreds of years . 2
He dubbed the relationship between color and salt formation halochromy , of which malachite green is a prime example . 3
Each region is named after its capital . 2
Provisional results are the ballot counts for individual walk - in voting centers . 2
In digital puppetry , machinima creators become virtual actors . 3
Seal has scarring on his face caused by a type of lupus called discoid lupus erythematosus . 3
Once the plant is allowed to flower , it may produce seed pods containing small black seeds , which can be saved and planted the following year . 2
To improve mechanized sorting , each address now has a sorting number which is printed on the letter as an orange colored barcode . 2
The near-absence of genetic recombination in mitochondrial DNA makes it a useful source of information for scientists involved in population genetics and evolutionary biology . 3
Many island rails are flightless because small island habitats without mammalian predators eliminate the need to fly or move long distances . 3
In Europe , the common crane predominantly breeds in boreal and taiga forest and mixed forests , from an elevation of sea-level to 2200 m . 3
Up to five players can play simultaneously . 2
Isometric scaling is governed by the square- cube law . 3
Agrawal died on 11 October 2018 , after fasting since 22 June 2018 , demanding the government act on its promises to clean and save the Ganga . 2
An example of an electrocyclic reaction is the conrotatory thermal ring-opening of benzocyclobutane . 3
Though the shock at the slaughter was enormous , the Romans immediately began a slow , systematic process of preparing for the reconquest of the country . 3
As most porn is marketed to men , most bisexual porn is marketed to heterosexual or bisexual men . 3
Six subclasses are generally recognized , although many works have further included the ostracods among the Maxillopoda . 3
Although members of the order Sparassodonta showed many similarities with placental carnivores , they were not closely related and are a very good example of convergent evolution . 3
Female trees bear their fruit irregularly , only every few years . 2
Spontaneous abortion occurs in various animals . 2
s of 2011 , there are about one hundred medications in development for hepatitis C. 3
STM is based on the concept of quantum tunneling . 3
Short - term memory is also known as working memory . 2
The high prevalence of people from the West on this list may be due to societal attitudes toward homosexuality . 2
All known nudibranchs are carnivorous . 3
A diesel locomotive is a powered by a diesel engine . 2
Cold seeps occur over fissures on the seafloor caused by tectonic activity . 2
The area of the canton is 991 km and is usually divided into three hilly areas . 2
The book has also been seen as trying to show that masculinity was important in stopping slavery . 2
By the 40s AD , the political situation within Britain was apparently in ferment . 2
Numerous nonferrous alloys , cast irons , powder-metallurgy and plastics are used in the manufacture of gears . 3
Politicians are known for their rhetoric , as in speeches or campaign advertisements . 2
The naval battle between the small German convoy and the craft carrying No. 3 Commando had made the German defenders at Blue beach aware of the attack . 2
Other physical properties are also linked to crystallography . 3
This award was first given for movies released in 1934 . 2
After September 1939 , desperate efforts were made to improve the situation , but with very little result . 2
In 2017 , he announced he would run for Governor of Alaska in 2018 , but left the race in September 2017 . 2
Beutel died on 8 May 2019 aged 72 . 1
Nine - banded armadillos are generally insectivores . 3
Small granules in their cytoplasm contain proteins and enzymes called granzymes . 3
Rounders is a bat and ball game which is played in Ireland ; a similar version is played in the UK . 2
These moths have several unusual features . 2
Every civil parish has a parish meeting , consisting of all the electors of the parish . 3
The band had seven Top 40 hits between 1973 and 1976 . 1
These groups are no longer registered and can no longer take part in elections . 2
Estimates of the individual 's age at death range from 7 to 11 years old . 2
People have been using metals for many purposes since prehistoric times . 2
Astronomers now have evidence there is a supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy . 3
Another problem for several small businesses is the fact that much larger businesses can influence their chances for success . 2
Sea levels were high , and there was a great variety of fish and other marine organisms . 2
Regular hand washing reduces the spread of cold viruses . 2
This book claims that consciousness can be considered separately from the brain , which provides a basis for claims of reincarnation . 3
Today nothing but stone ruins and the elevated railway water tank remain of the township . 2
A battle between the wilds and pets ensues , with the Pet Paradiso security focused on tranquilizing the wilds . 3
The human vagina is an elastic , muscular canal that extends from the vulva to the cervix . 3
Exchange students from Italy and Germany help the students learn English . 1
The current tower is the second tower on the site . 2
The specifics of their reproductive systems vary considerably within the group , including three forms of hermaphroditism and at least seven forms of parthenogenesis . 3
The repairs were completed on 16 July 2012 . 2
Rapid forces were needed to protect important locations from the enemy . 2
The attacks against the American beaches , as well as the violent fighting , had tired out the Japanese . 2
The ground hosted its first Test match on 25 May 2007 where the home team played India . 2
Numbers one to six on the list are events which are of huge importance , but about which we know relatively little . 2
Despite this increase in popularity , there are people who criticize the use of this dialect . 2
Polonium is highly unstable , radioactive and toxic . 3
A well - known example of failing overcompensation , can be seen in people going through a mid life crisis . 2
There are a number of proposed quantum gravity theories . 2
The town holds several festivals a year . 1
In the wild , hamsters are crepuscular and stay underground during the day . 3
Fibroblasts are similar to cellular automata , as each fibroblast only interacts with its neighbors . 3
At the end of the 20th century the whole building was restored . 2
There were some changes in the terms of their service which may have created resentment . 2
Clarin remains a rather unknown figure in the Spanish literary world . 2
The use of military organisations to police civilian populations is common to many time periods and cultures . 2
While the details of her story appear to be fictional , her existence and martyrdom are considered a historical fact . 2
The Advance variation is 3 . e 2
The release cycle has followed various schedules but currently aims for four releases per year . 2
It hunts by flying low and slowly over an area of open ground , hovering over spots that conceal potential prey . 3
The use of medial caps for identifiers is recommended by many organizations and software projects . 2
The date 27 April is now a public holiday in South Africa , Freedom Day . 1
Classical thermodynamic systems cannot achieve negative temperatures : adding heat always increases their entropy . 3
In the 1970s , glass-ceramic stoves began appearing . 2
Most click beetles are under 2 centimeters long and dull in color . 2
With these functions , one can answer virtually all questions about arbitrary triangles by using the law of sines and the law of cosines . 3
Szeged and surrounding area has been inhabited since ancient time . 2
Independence Day is a national holiday marked by patriotic displays . 3
Coussmaker sat for Reynolds 21 times and his horse 8 times between February 9 and April 16 , 1782 - an exceptional number of times . 2
Construction began on January 5 , 1933 . 1
During the twelfth century the area was swampland . 3
The game ends when a player plays every tile in his or her rack , and there are no remaining tiles to draw . 2
Between 22 January and 9 April 2006 the line was closed for engineering works . 2
In countries where FGM is common , the practice 's many variants are reflected in dozens of terms , often alluding to purification . 3
Most of the area around these mountain villages is covered with trees . 2
A well - known example of natural selection in action is the development of antibiotic resistance in microorganisms . 3
The party quickly declined after the 1856 election . 2
Geneticists can also use pedigree charts to predict how traits will be passed to future children in a family . 3
Blankets may also be used on the ground for a picnic or other places where people want to sit without their clothing getting dirty or wet . 2
A harmonium and handclaps were added on July 16 . 2
Coussmaker sat for Reynolds 21 times and his horse 8 times between February 9 and April 16 . 2
This became the first Japanese - authored historical account of its sort to be published and circulated for scholarly study in the West . 2
Messier 49 has the radio emission of a normal galaxy . 2
The berry has a low sugar content and a mildly sweet taste . 2
A moonsault happens when a wrestler does a backflip and lands on their opponent . 2
Asian elephants are usually smaller than African elephants . 2
Most eels prefer to live in the shallowest parts of the ocean . 2
Linspire has drawn some criticism from the free software community . 2
Diamond is a well known allotrope of carbon . 2
Biogeographic realms are characterized by the evolutionary history of the organisms they contain . 2
Each episode of Season One attracted more than a million viewers on its first airing . 2
Underwear is worn for many reasons . 2
Thirty three first person poems that describe different times during an eleven year old boy 's day at the beach . 2
French is spoken by almost all the population . 2
Sand flies are small ; a body size of about 3 mm in length is typical . 2
The traditional food is famous for many vegetables and greens used seasonally in the dishes . 2
There were only a small number of men who were healthy . 2
A fist drop is a move where a wrestler either jumps or falls down on an opponent and drives their fist into anywhere on the opponent 's body . 2
The climate in this area is characterized by hot , humid summers and generally mild to cool winters . 2
Just as temperature increases speed up reactions , temperature decreases reduce them . 2
Symbolically , spires have two effects . 3
The attributes that make up the mind are debated . 2
The two most common quantifiers are the universal quantifier and the existential quantifier . 3
In this way , one QRcode can deliver the same article in many languages , even when the museum is unable to make its own translations . 2
Typically the inner container is immersed about halfway into the working liquid . 3
Gram 's method stains bacteria according to the chemical and physical properties of their cell walls . 2
A goal of compiler and processor designers is to identify and take advantage of as much ILP as possible . 2
The mean of a list is all of the numbers added together and divided by the amount of numbers 2
It was not uncommon in ancient time to attribute to celebrated authors works that were not written by them . 2
In drinking water , the higher the turbidity level , the higher the risk that people may develop diseases . 2
Some of topics in the novel include selective mutism , death and grief . 2
Most commercial fisheries do not target Alaska plaice , and bycatch by commercial trawlers targeting other groundfish is the sole source of significant harvest of this species . 3
It has over 100 locations in Canada as well as some in the United States . 2
Calcium nitrate is used in fertilizers to add nitrogen to the soil . 3
The battle also showed the worth of pre-war naval code breaking and intelligence - gathering . 3
In eighth grade , she started modeling . 2
Another tournament was started the following week . 2
She died on 13 February 2019 in Rome from lymphoma at the age of 79 . 2
Female trees bear their fruit only every few years . 2
Some former subspecies have been lately recognized as species for genetic reasons . 2
Although animals have never have wheels for locomotion , some animals will move by rolling their whole body . 2
He also showed that the continuum hypothesis cannot be disproved from the accepted axioms of set theory , if those axioms are consistent . 3
Many cyanides are highly toxic . 2
Their skin is thin and soft with shiny hair . 2
The bus station has 19 stands on four platforms . 2
The gestation period of queens is between 64 and 67 days , with an average of 66 days . 2
There are three categories of education and training that an MB will undergo . 2
The songs tell personal stories of life in Australia . 2
Around the world , the sugar glider is a popular domestic pet . 2
In zoos , lions have been known to breed with tigers . 2
Louvers are used as semi-passive means of thermal control on spacecraft as well . 2
The Family - to - Family program provides general information about mental illness and how it is currently treated . 2
In the internationally publicized legal proceedings that followed , eight anarchists were convicted of conspiracy . 3
Interviews with men and women escorts illuminate gender differences in these escorts ' experiences . 2
Gram staining is used to determine gram status to classify bacteria broadly . 2
Determining what records have enduring value is not always easy . 2
Metals typically are strong , dense , and good conductors of both electricity and heat . 2
Studying the atmosphere includes studying the interactions between the atmosphere and living organisms . 2
Hyperoliids range from 1.5 cm to 8 cm in body length . 2
Steppenwolf is an immortal with superhuman strength , speed and stamina appropriate to his race . 3
Minerals are natural solids formed through many geological processes under high pressures . 2
Sclerophyllous plants occur in many parts of the world , but are most typical in the chaparral biomes . 3
The same situation nearly materialized in 2004 . 2
The Canons are not supposed to be an absolute explanation of the Reformed doctrine , but only explain the five points of doctrine that were being argued over . 2
Milkweeds have three defenses to limit damage by caterpillars and other insects : hairs on the leaves , toxins , and latex fluids . 3
Another bee-inspired stigmergic computational technique called bee colony optimization is employed in Internet Server Optimization . 3
The novel has been the subject of interpretations focusing on the historical role of book burning in suppressing dissenting ideas for change . 3
The album was well received by music critics . 2
Algebraic geometry occupies a central place in modern mathematics . 2
The story of each opera can be found in the separate articles . 2
Beutel died on 8 May 2019 , at the age of 72 . 1
Historically , the island gained wealth from cotton plantations . 2
Since the lust and attraction stages are both considered temporary , a third stage is needed to account for long -term relationships . 2
The region has steep , glacier - carved mountains , glens and interspersed plains . 3
Architecture is the art and science of designing buildings and structures . 2
The song received mainly negative reviews from critics . 2
In cricket , a player 's batting average is the total number of runs they have scored divided by the number of times they have been out . 2
In pre-modern society , the ordeal typically ranked along with the oath and witness accounts as the central means by which to reach a judicial verdict . 3
Almost all wattles have cream to golden colored flowers . 2
By the 20th century , bookbinding materials had developed a high resistance against damage by various types of book -boring insects . 2
Chaplin has appeared in a wide variety of critically recognized Spanish and French films . 2
The first ballads were created by British and Irish settlers and convicts who brought with them the folk music of their homelands . 2
The best fluid is plain , clean water . 2
Iocaste belongs to the Ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break - up of a captured asteroid . 2
Some of the postcodes above may cover two or more states . 2
Japanese radios did pick up more American submarine activity and messages . 2
Synthetic genomics is unlike genetic modification in the sense that it does not use naturally occurring genes in its life forms . 3
Countries using proportional representation give little advantage to the largest two parties , so they tend to elect many parties . 2
A number of other visiting diesel and steam locomotives have also seen service on the line . 3
The city had to condemn the properties to acquire the land for park , and won its case in 1895 . 2
The city has numerous historic religious buildings . 2
Lithium peroxide is made by reacting lithium hydroxide with hydrogen peroxide and removing the water . 3
The proliferation of this weapon is reflected by more than just numbers . 2
Protostars are young objects that have not yet completed the process of contraction from a gas nebula to a true star . 2
County Roads 7 and 11 are also in the immediate area . 2
Many cultures do have an oral law , while most legal systems of today have a formal written organization . 2
Short eruptions can end in less than a day , but longer events can continue for several days or months . 2
The folds of cartilage surrounding the ear canal are called the pinna . 3
The taxonomy of the herring gull / lesser black - backed gull group is very complicated , with different authorities recognizing between two and eight species . 3
Crabs are prepared and eaten as a dish in many different ways all over the world . 2
In November 2017 , another ballot issue was voted on whether to un-incorporate the city . 2
A useful way to work around these gaps in knowledge is to find chronological synchronisms , which can lead to a precise date . 3
Subfamily Nymphicinae Subfamily Calyptorhynchinae : The black cockatoos Subfamily Cacatuinae 3
The purpose of this event is for individual shooters to try and score on a breakaway against an opposing goalie . 2
Deshpande died on 4 June 2016 from a long-illness in Mumbai at the age of 78 or 79 . 2
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , and heavily degraded former forest . 3
Cancer has existed for all of human history . 2
There are 14 subspecies of ring-necked snake . 2
Flamsteed calculated the solar eclipses of 1666 and 1668 . 2
The biggest source of natural background radiation is airborne radon , a radioactive gas that emanates from the ground . 3
Each state 's constitution or legislature spells out what type of courts the state will have , how they will work , and how judges will be chosen . 2
Evaporation is an essential part of the water cycle . 2
British Fascism is based upon British Nationalism . 3
VFDs are used in applications ranging from small appliances to large compressors . 2
The geodetic center of North America is within the county . 2
They are unusually small frogs , only 5 cm in length . 2
The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill . 2
Neutrophils are the most abundant type of white blood cells in mammals , 70 % of leukocytes . 3
The modern outdoor polo ball is made of a high-impact plastic . 2
Untreated streptococcal pharyngitis usually resolves within a few days . 3
In reality , cats can turn themselves right side up in mid-air if they should fall upside-down . 2
Some items of clothing are designed exclusively as underwear , while others such as T-shirts and certain types of shorts are suitable both as underwear and as outer clothing . 2
Limestone makes up about 10 % of the total volume of all sedimentary rocks . 2
Boyce is known for his set of eight symphonies , his anthems and his odes . 3
Sock puppets are often used for the education and entertainment of children . 2
For 2007 , d'Ambrosio took part in the inaugural season of the International Formula Master series with the Cram Competition team . 2
If two computers send data at the same time , a collision will occur . 2
The center ultimately opened to the public on December 16 , 1997 . 2
The award consists of 100,000 Taka , an 18 carat gold medal weighing 3 tolas . 2
Peret died in Barcelona , Spain from lung cancer , aged 79 . 2
The song received polarizing reviews from music critics . 2
The eyes of the mantis shrimp are mounted on mobile stalks and can move independently of each other . 2
People have had intellectual disability throughout history . 2
One of the first , and most powerful , techniques to improve performance is the use of the instruction pipeline . 2
All shrews are comparatively small , most no larger than a mouse . 2
Much of the archipelago is a protected habitat , including both the islands and the surrounding waters . 2
Buchi Emecheta suffered a stroke in 2010 , and she died in London on 25 January 2017 , aged 72 . 2
Wood is a naturally occurring composite comprising cellulose fibres in a lignin and hemicellulose matrix . 3
Australia has periodically experienced movements seeking to end the monarchy . 2
The site consists of six concentric oval rings of postholes , the outermost being about 43 by wide . 3
The sketches were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air . 2
The mouth is just behind the head , on the underside of the body . 2
At room temperature , ethane is a flammable gas . 3
While there are many alternative treatments used for the common cold , there is not enough scientific evidence to support the use of most treatments . 2
Over 500 atmospheric nuclear weapons tests were conducted at various sites around the world from 1945 to 1980 . 2
Agriculture is important , particularly cattle breeding in the mountains and dairy farming in the plains . 2
In recent years , due to noise pollution , increasing speed is getting harder . 2
Objectives included seizing and holding a major port for a short period , both to prove that it was possible and to gather intelligence . 2
An attack where a charging wrestler jumps striking both knees simultaneously into the head , chest or back of the opponent . 2
Academic research into wide area networks can be broken down into three areas : mathematical models , network emulation and network simulation . 2
The triceps can be worked through either isolation or compound elbow extension movements and can contract statically to keep the arm straightened against resistance . 3
Disulfur decafluoride is a colorless liquid . 3
Biofuel development and use is a complex issue because there are many biofuel options which are available . 2
Yet another prominent example of an introduced species that became invasive is the European rabbit in Australia . 3
The game 's multiplayer mode supports up to 64 players . 2
Rarely parasites can cause abscesses and this is more common in the developing world . 2
The first construction had a two storied front section with a one-story extension to the rear . 2
Biophysical chemists employ various tools used in physical chemistry to probe the structure of biological systems . 3
Completing the square can be used to derive a general formula for solving quadratic equations , called the quadratic formula . 3
In the first two years of the library , 75 volumes were purchased , and 150 volumes were donated . 2
Embryo transfer can be used for humans or animals . 2
While the cause of the common cold has been known since only the 1950s , the disease has been with humanity since ancient times . 2
Statutory damages are an amount stated within the statute rather than calculated based on the degree of harm to the plaintiff . 3
Milkweeds use three primary defenses to limit damage caused by caterpillars : hairs on the leaves , cardenolide toxins , and latex fluids . 3
Some ghost towns are kept intact as tourist attractions . 2
There may be two subspecies of the Siamang . 2
The South developed an agricultural economy . 2
Thomas began his career at fourteen as an announcer on a local radio show . 2
The central technique of the Socratic method is called an elenchus . 3
Rast was severely affected by flooding in the April 2006 Danube floods . 2
Until the mid-19th century , Mexico was the biggest producer of vanilla . 1
Many course themes recur throughout the series . 2
The movie was a flop . 2
Several different explanations exist for the original name . 1
The G and PG ratings are often left out as they are typical of normal , everyday climbing . 2
Dwarf galaxies can be pulled toward and ripped by neighboring spiral galaxies till they ultimately merge . 3
The mean is calculated by adding all of the values together , then dividing by the number of values . 2
Japan is divided into 47 prefectures , each overseen by an elected governor , legislature and administrative bureaucracy . 3
Traditionally , the home of the Emperor is considered the capital . 2
Three men are running along the riverside . 1
Astronomy is one of the oldest sciences . 2
The Founding Fathers wanted republicanism because its principles guaranteed liberty , with opposing , limited powers offsetting one another . 3
Eunomia has been observed occulting stars three times . 2
In the past , non-photosynthetic plants were mistakenly thought to get food by breaking down organic matter in a manner similar to saprotrophic fungi . 3
With global travel becoming widespread at that time , cookies made a natural travel companion , a modernized equivalent of the travel cakes used throughout history . 2
Historians have noted that Washington 's death helped alter the way lynching was viewed . 2
A contaminant is a substance present in nature at a level higher than fixed levels or that would not otherwise be there . 3
In a register machine , programs are composed of instructions which operate on values . 2
Between 64 and 104 major aftershocks , ranging in magnitude from 4.0 to 6.1 , were recorded within 72 hours of the main quake . 2
In some cultures , breasts play a role in human sexual activity . 2
An overhead kick is a move where a wrestler starts by either lying down or dropping down on the mat while the opponent standing near their head . 2
Dimethylmercury is extremely toxic and dangerous to handle . 3
Governments use different kinds of taxes and vary the tax rates . 2
The tree forms a thick , corky bark . 2
There were 26 reigns and 1 vacancy . 2
The cat skull is unusual among mammals in having very large eye sockets and a powerful specialized jaw . 2
The population of the province is estimated at 889,700 people . 2
Originally , electricity and magnetism were considered to be two separate forces . 2
This created a bottleneck in the German advance . 2
Flare stars are give off relatively little light , but have been found as far away as 1,000 light years from Earth . 2
Its relative minor is F minor and its parallel minor is A-flat minor . 2
The size of the principal cast was reduced compared to the previous series , with a fixed number of characters appearing in every episode . 2
was first shown in 2001 . 1
The mammal - like reptiles are traditionally divided into a primitive group and an advanced group , known respectively as pelycosaurs and therapsids . 3
By contrast , some missing person cases remain unresolved for many years . 2
Slavery has long been practised in Africa . 2
Sword dances include long sword dances and rapper dancing . 2
The poem is divided into five parts . 2
Michener wrote that he did not know who his biological parents were , or exactly when or where he was born . 2
Since cholera became common in the 19th century , it has killed tens of millions of people . 2
The owls ' hunting depends on surprising its prey . 2
Noncrystalline ceramics , being glass , tend to be formed from melts . 3
She withdrew from active management of the agency in the mid-1990s due to complications of diabetes . 2
The plant galls develop after the female insect lays the eggs . 2
Political philosophy is a philosophical back - up to political science , which is the social science study of politics . 3
According to its redshift , the quasar is about 8 billion light years from Earth , while the lensing galaxy is only 400 million light years away . 2
Tidal stream power is the cheapest and the least ecologically damaging among the three main forms of tidal power generation . 2
Grommerch developed breast cancer in 2007 . 2
Ambush or sit-and - wait predators are carnivorous animals that capture prey by stealth or surprise . 3
Many objects with sponge- like textures are now made of substances not derived from poriferans . 3
A stream cipher makes use of a much smaller and more convenient cryptographic key , for example 128 bits keys . 3
For many years , efforts to discover brown dwarfs were fruitless . 2
If we take another sample of 25 cups , we could easily expect to find values like 250.4 or 251.1 grams . 2
Water turbines are divided into two groups ; reaction turbines and impulse turbines . 3
Some research shows a connection between personality and job satisfaction . 2
Examination of the immediate environs reveals a concentration of ancient sites , making a significant ritual landscape . 3
Honey badgers often become serious poultry predators . 3
Electric rays are found from shallow coastal waters down to at least 1000 m depth . 2
The symptoms of strep throat usually get better , with or without treatment , in about three to five days . 2
Pavement lights and related products were historically marketed as a way of saving on artificial lighting costs and making space more usable and pleasant . 2
The magazine is published monthly , and additional map supplements are also included with subscriptions . 2
After the war , the buildings were used to house new migrants to Australia . 2
The islands are designated an' Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ' . 2
Within the convention of zero being neither positive nor negative , a specific sign- value 0 may be assigned to the number value 0 . 3
Over the years , the novel has been subject to various interpretations , primarily focusing on the historical role of book burning in suppressing dissenting ideas . 3
Handedness seems to follow from the brain hemisphere division of labor . 3
Breckinridge ordered his field officers to inspect the troops and to report back with the condition of his troops . 2
But in elementary arithmetic this form is used rather often . 2
Pilcher died on 6 February 2019 from a stroke at the age of 94 . 2
Type designers have described oblique type as less organic and calligraphic than italics , which in some situations may be preferred . 3
By 2002 , 36 states had repealed their sodomy laws or their courts had overturned them . 3
Time fuzes detonate after a set period of time . 3
Early visual kei bands were strongly influenced by glam rock and heavy metal . 2
In July 2003 , the firm successfully issued its IPO , raising over $ 100 million . 2
Cold seeps change the shape of the ocean floor over time , where reactions between methane and seawater create carbonate rock formations and reefs . 3
There are two types of pages in desktop publishing : electronic pages and virtual paper pages to be printed on physical paper pages . 2
A bomb was hidden in an ambulance and detonated at a second police checkpoint , according to officials . 3
Controlled burning is practised by the national park in consultation with traditional owners who have used fire as a land management tool for thousands of years . 2
There have been numerous acts , both groups and individuals , that have won multiple awards . 2
Unaipon was a recognized authority on ballistics . 3
The actual number of diverted aircraft and passengers varies from different sources . 2
Trailways members are spread across North America . 2
Traditionally , the home of the Emperor was considered the capital . 2
Final development of the M1918A2 was authorized on 30 June 1938 . 2
In the center is a machete and hoe , representing the revolution through which the nation gained independence and the importance of agricultural workers . 2
China has officially cited resource depletion and environmental concerns as the reasons for a nationwide crackdown on its rare- earth mineral production sector . 2
Another recently described rare , but serious , side effect is propofol infusion syndrome . 3
It is made up of 8 districts and 28 municipalities . 2
Sgr A West has the appearance of a three - arm spiral , from the point of view of the Earth . 2
Things that do not exist at any particular place and time are often considered abstract . 2
These six camps were closed by October 1942 . 2
During the next ten to eleven hours , the radioactive cloud moved towards the northeast , reaching between 300 and 350 kilometers from the accident . 2
Synchrotron light is very collimated . 3
The cells of the epidermis are structurally and functionally variable . 3
The sea is frozen over most of the year . 1
All echinoderms have fivefold radial symmetry in their body at some stage of life . 3
Of knightly extraction , has proofs of its nobility going back as far as 1265 . 2
Honey badgers have the least specialised diet among mustelids . 3
The name became popular in culture . 1
Apart from successful soundtracks , he has also received acclaim for his background scores and is considered one of the finest background -score composers in India . 2
In the circulatory system they move from lymph node to lymph node . 3
The feeling of a static electric shock is caused by the stimulation of nerves as the neutralizing current flows through the human body . 2
Asian mist is the illegal move of spitting a colored liquid into an opponent 's face in professional wrestling . 2
Other observations that support the Big Bang theory are the amounts of chemical elements in the universe . 2
The current tower is the second to occupy the site . 2
The structure of mauveine was not fully identified until 1994 . 2
In 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 7,233 . 2
Inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to pathogens or foreign substances that get past the anatomical barriers . 3
Each fruit has one seed . 2
Like most other male mammals , a man inherits an X chromosome from his mother and a Y chromosome from his father . 3
The gun can be started up when it is fully closed down in less than one minute . 2
On Friday , drivers had a 45 - minute free practice session and a 30 - minute qualifying session . 2
A non-zero real number can have a negative number as its power . 2
Mrs . Which is the leader of the three women and the wisest . 2
A number of medications are used to treat bipolar disorder . 2
Unlike most boy bands , they formed independently and were later picked up by a record label , rather than being assembled by a label or a producer . 2
The main assault also jumped off , now attempting to rescue the trapped battalions . 2
Virgin purchased eighty percent of the team , as part of sponsorship arrangement . 2
Nomads keep moving for different reasons . 2
The third act is dominated by the puppet show , a play within the play . 2
Glaucocystophytic algae contain muroplasts , which are similar to chloroplasts except that they have a cell wall , similar to that of prokaryotes . 3
Usually , people wear sandals in warmer climates or during warmer parts of the year in order to keep their feet cool and dry . 2
Infection rates are higher in some countries in Africa and Asia . 2
The following players have also been called up to the England squad within the last 12 months . 2
The flag first had twenty - eight white points . 2
Axles are an important structural component of a wheeled vehicle . 2
The seeds are generally almost microscopic and very numerous , in some species over a million per capsule . 2
Most employment as a statistician requires a minimum of a masters degree in statistics or a related field . 2
RNA viruses generally have very high mutation rates compared to DNA viruses , because viral RNA polymerases lack the proofreading ability of DNA polymerases . 3
Alternating current generating systems were known from the discovery of the magnetic induction of electric current . 2
Restriction enzymes probably evolved from a common ancestor and became widespread by horizontal gene transfer . 3
Carolingian minuscule was the direct ancestor of blackletter . 3
Amid tensions between Iran and the United States , the United States blamed Iran for the attacks . 2
As an example , see the following graphic : As song one begins to fade out the next song begins . 2
From an other side this novel is a mixt of thriller and fantasy . 2
Despite the name of the band , the members say they are not anti-religious . 2
The movie has eight of the 24 tales . 2
A serf had some freedom . 2
Redhill is the only MRT station in which the two platforms are not parallel . 2
These concerns have gotten larger because of the actions of China . 2
This stellar system is currently one of the most massive that can be studied in detail . 3
Reporting to the Assistant Commissioners are about 50 Chief Superintendents , about half of whom supervise what are called Divisions . 2
Each state of India has an organization that manages panchayat towns . 2
The university 's 150th anniversary was celebrated in 2003 . 1
Agriculture is still one of the main activities in the province , adding 15 % to its output . 2
Today there are only six known species of lungfish , living only in Africa , South America and Australia . 2
Deomyines share no morphological characteristics that can be used to separate them from other muroids , though subtle aspects of the third upper molar have been suggested . 3
English died on November 16 , 2018 in London at the age of 81 . 1
Louvers are rarely seen as primary design elements in the language of modern architecture . 2
Cenote water is often very clear , as the water comes from rain water filtering slowly through the ground , and therefore contains very little suspended particulate matter . 3
Swans are the largest extant members of the waterfowl family Anatidae , and are among the largest flying birds . 3
Insect galls on plants give some herbivorous insects their own microhabitat . 3
Although its surface circulation had dissipated , its circulation aloft remained intact and led to a burst of rainfall early on August 20 . 3
The movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 50 % rating on Rotten Tomatoes . 2
The authority of appellate courts to review the decisions of lower courts varies widely from one jurisdiction to another . 3
Failure to wear the rainbow jersey where required carries a penalty of 2500 to 5000 Swiss francs . 2
Roads and railways have been built through passes . 2
He also showed that neither the axiom of choice nor the continuum hypothesis can be disproved from the accepted axioms of set theory , assuming these axioms are consistent . 3
There are different views about his early life . 1
Presocial behavior is much more common in the animal kingdom than complete eusociality . 3
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes . 2
There are about 150 plant species on the island , along with 80 types of insects . 1
The strike forces , with many damaged aircraft , reached and landed on their respective carriers between 12 : 50 and 14 : 30 . 2
Determining what records have enduring value can be challenging . 2
It received city rights in 1249 . 1
Another solid positional line is the Modern variation . 2
Plant terpenoids are often used for their scent . 3
The nectar of some eucalypts produces high-quality monofloral honey . 3
Like Chinese , Japanese implements extensive use of Chinese characters , called kanji in Japanese . 2
Each goal had specific targets , and dates for reaching those targets . 2
The six-part series followed the book in great detail . 2
Hyperoliids range from 1.5 to in body length . 2
The belts are in the inner region of Earth 's magnetosphere . 2
Not everyone who has HIV has AIDS . 2
Usually , such drives will be custom-stamped with a company 's logo , as a form of advertising . 2
In the 1680s and 1690s , two French composers incorporated carols into their works . 2
More than half of the world 's species of plants and animals are found in the rainforest . 2
By the 1960s , the need for a new international terminal had become apparent , and work commenced in late 1966 . 2
The mouth is located just behind the head , after a rostrum , on the underside of the body . 2
Most competitive teams keep two sets of uniforms , with one emphasizing the primary color and the other emphasizing the secondary color . 2
The major difficulty in the use of natural gas is transportation . 1
The meaning of this particular title has been disputed . 2
Geography as a discipline can be split broadly into two main subsidiary fields : human geography and physical geography . 2
The authors were able to experimentally work out a rate law at 261.2 K for the reaction of 1,2 - dimethylidenecyclohexane with sulfur dioxide to give the corresponding sulfolene . 3
Today , it is the largest public university in Bangladesh , with a student body of 33,000 and a faculty of 1,800 . 1
The main difficulty in the use of natural gas is transportation . 2
The eight - year war ended in a tie . 2
The island is 34 km long and 15 km wide ; it has an area of 175 km2 . 1
Pride allowed fighters latitude in their choice of attire but open finger gloves , a mouthguard and a protective cup were mandatory . 3
Many game artists are called upon to develop graphical treatments for the environments and elements in which role - playing games take place . 2
A generalization of the above current loop is a multi-turn coil , or solenoid . 3
Margarita enters naked into the realm of night , after she learns to fly , and control her unleashed passions . 2
One of the goals of compilers and processors designers is to use as much ILP as possible . 2
She died in her sleep on 6 March 2018 , from natural causes at the age of 88 . 2
Lemon sharks do not represent a large threat to humans . 2
Political parties became legal in Ghana in 1992 . 2
The judges are elected for a 12 - year term , but they must retire upon reaching the age of 68 . 2
Plasmapheresis is a medical therapy which involves taking out blood plasma , treating it , and putting it back in the patient . 3
The forest is an important recreational area with woodland walks , noted for their displays of bluebells in the early spring , rock climbing and hillwalking . 2
A request line containing only the path name is accepted by servers to maintain compatibility with HTTP clients before the HTTP / 1.0 specification in . 3
Haematoxylin and eosin staining is frequently used in histology to examine thin tissue sections . 3
Nautiluses are the only cephalopods who have an external shell . 3
The next attack was launched on 24 January . 2
Mood and emotions at work are related to job satisfaction . 2
Of his next nine fights , Rose won eight . 1
Odpor was banned in Germany for terrorist activities and operated between legitimate emigre functions and a thuggish underworld . 3
The number of homeless people worldwide has grown steadily in the past few years . 2
His early work was on the conductivity of electrolytes . 2
A number of tactics are employed to reach the objective of a race . 2
If a funnel cloud touches the ground it becomes a tornado . 2
Urinary tract symptoms are frequently lacking in the elderly . 2
Counter-terrorism is broad in scope . 2
An artist that operates a printing press to do their own works , especially by hand , is usually named by the term printmaker . 2
Gifted and talented education dates back thousands of years . 2
The 1880 census found the population of the United States to be 50,189,209 . 2
The narrow coastal plain rises rapidly into several mountain ranges . 2
Alternatively , mathematicians can integrate the normal component of the vector field ; the result is a scalar . 2
Nausea is a non-specific symptom , which means that it has many possible causes . 2
Killer whales are the largest living members of the dolphin family . 2
Most , if not all , of the world 's religions promote selflessness as a very important moral value . 2
Gastrotrichs are eutelic : each species has a genetically fixed number of cells as adults . 3
Magnesium is the 11th most abundant element by mass in the human body . 3
Pirogi come in different shapes and forms : they are often oblong with tapering ends , but can also be circular or rectangular . 3
On January 17 , 1995 a very powerful earthquake hit the city . 2
The country 's provinces are further divided into 337 municipalities which are administered by an alcalde and municipal council . 3
In the earliest days of naval warfare , there was little difference between sailors and soldiers on a warship . 2
Potassium fluoride is prepared by dissolving potassium carbonate in excess hydrofluoric acid . 3
Generally , unblended black teas are named after the region in which they are produced . 2
Call and response is common in folk and choral singing of many people , especially in African musical cultures . 2
The discovery of the H5 histone appears to date back to the 1970s , and it is now considered an isoform of Histone H1 . 3
The library has a chess room that houses a wide range of materials on the history , study and practice of chess . 2
It is the smallest of the closer Uranian moons , estimated to be only about 18 km in diameter . 2
Occasionally , novae are bright enough and close enough to Earth to be conspicuous to the unaided eye . 3
Since 2002 , he was also foreign trade advisers of France . 2
A program that started making improvements to UK guns in 2007 tried to make the gun lighter and some features better . 2
The song is sung by a young man to his lover , and is about his plans of their growing old together . 2
Xcelerator will not operate in the rain so that a shortshot does not happen when the launch track is wet . 2
Throughout the night , several watches and warnings were discontinued . 2
Thant died of lung cancer in New York on 25 November 1974 . 2
Following two bad accidents in 2002 and 2003 , safety has been a concern at the circuit 's 130R corner . 2
After 1932 he withdrew from tournament play as his noted anthropophobia showed traces of schizophrenia during a mental breakdown . 3
All hardcovers have the contents of the comics with the covers . 2
The channel broadcasts live from 5 am to midnight , with a newscast updated every 15 minutes in format . 2
Australian Mists are okay with being picked up and held . 2
Spiekeroog covers an area of 18.25 km2 , the shortest distance to the land is 5.7 km . 2
Over his next nine fights , Rose had a record of eight wins and one loss , with one knockout . 2
By 1947 , penicillin had become the standard treatment for syphilis . 2
His paintings are usually single figures of beautiful women . 2
Sigourney 's longitude and latitude coordinates in decimal form are 41.333244 , -92.203220 . 3
The central stars of planetary nebulae are very hot . 3
Just as temperature increase speeds up reactions , temperature decreases reduce them . 2
Gunnora signed many ducal charters up into the 1020s . 2
Public attitudes and the actions of stakeholders can play a crucial role in realizing the potential of biofuels . 2
Paralysis is most often caused by damage in the nervous system , especially the spinal cord . 3
Ethnic separatism is based more on cultural and linguistic differences than religious or racial differences , which also may exist . 3
Jainism teaches that time has no beginning or end . 2
The transmission medium layout used to link devices is the physical topology of the network . 3
Geographers are historically known as people who make maps . 2
This small butterfly triangle - shaped wings . 2
In Greek mythology , many men and women were given eternal life by being resurrected from the dead . 3
Theories differ as to how the water entered the tank . 2
Engineers in the nineteenth century understood that a bridge that was continuous across multiple supports would distribute the loads among them . 2
While hundreds of comic series have been made in the Franco- Belgian group , some are more notable than others . 2
Centers often coordinate with outside programs . 2
The area of study for pollen and spores , including fossils , is called palynology . 3
The Emperor of China learns that one of the most beautiful things in his empire is the song of the nightingale . 2
The idiom is based on the honor shown to cows in Hinduism . 2
Potassium chloride is found as a mineral . 3
In May 2015 , Brazil officially reported its first 16 cases of the illness . 1
Cephalocaridans are found from the intertidal zone down to a depth of 1500 metres , in all kinds of sediments . 3
Octopuses and most cuttlefish can operate chromatophores in complex , undulating chromatic displays , resulting in a variety of rapidly changing color schemata . 3
In the late 1980s , digital compositing began to supplant optical effects . 2
A small number of missing person cases are not solved for many years . 1
In 1915 , South Africa captured the German colony . 2
In the United States , the term is sometimes used in invitations , such as to weddings and office parties . 2
Slackware is known as a highly customizable distribution , generally considered a distribution for expert users . 3
In 2012 Nanninga went into a coma and only regained conscience five months later . 2
They are considered one of the most successful groups of studio musicians in music history . 2
In 2011 , it had a population of 470,766 and a population density of 80 / km2 . 2
Smoking marijuana in public is still illegal , and anyone caught doing so will have to pay a $ 100 fine . 3
In the knockout stage , teams play against each other over two legs on a home - and - away basis , except for the one-match final . 2
The sea is mostly ice-covered , and the Thwaites Ice Tongue protrudes into it . 2
Despite its relative rarity , kimberlite has attracted attention because it serves as a carrier of diamonds and garnet peridotite mantle xenoliths to the Earth 's surface . 3
In the law , testimony is a form of evidence that is obtained from a witness who makes a solemn statement or declaration of fact . 2
The battle was the first naval battle in history in which the ships never saw or fired directly at each other . 2
The first necessary things used in the sport includes outrigger skis , sit-skis , and mono-skis . 2
Above - average sea water temperatures caused by global warming is the leading cause of coral bleaching . 2
The trust operates one of the most visited museums in the United States and gets 1.3 million visitors per year . 2
Measures to prevent opportunistic infections are effective in many people with HIV / AIDS . 3
Languages such as Tcl and Lua were specifically designed as general - purpose scripting languages that could be embedded in any application . 2
To convert a number from hexadecimal to decimal , there are two common ways . 3
There exist more complicated algebraic solutions for the general cubic equation and quartic equation . 2
Timid and harmless to humans , the smalleye hammerhead is caught incidentally by inshore artisanal multispecies fisheries throughout its range , and marketed as food . 3
Independence is another good thing about owning a small business . 2
Because it breaks the skin , tattooing carries health risks . 2
Ana again notices the same woman seeing her and Christian from a distance . 2
The middlegame is the part of the game after most pieces have been developed . 2
By 1851 , there were 15 asteroids , all but one with their own symbol . 2
Garden Dormice are usually 10 to in length , with the tail adding another 8 to . 2
The Japanese counterattacks against the American beachheads , as well as the fierce fighting , had exhausted the Japanese . 2
The long pit straight has also been used for drag racing . 2
Cattle raising is also important with 16,375 cattle counted in the 2000 census . 2
The principal difference between the BJT and HBT is in the use of differing semiconductor materials for the emitter - base junction and the base-collector junction , creating a heterojunction . 3
Critics expressed mixed opinions of the game 's audio . 2
Between 1918 and 1940 , the center of the city undertook large renovation work . 2
The origin of this homochirality in biology is the subject of much debate . 3
On September 1 , a tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa and moved west . 2
The musical film was a natural development of the stage musical after the emergence of sound film technology . 2
Since the 1980s , the political groups of the parliamentary right have joined forces around the values of economic liberalism and the building of Europe . 3
There was just two entries in the Quad doubles , and they played a straight final to decided the championship . 2
In many contexts , it is common to associate a sign with the measure of an angle , particularly an oriented angle or an angle of rotation . 3
Turbine selection is based on the available water head , and less so on the available flow rate . 2
There are two categories of methods for solving a system of linear equations . 2
The symptoms of pernicious anemia come on slowly . 3
Seven main rivers and innumerable watercourses form a network of channels at this estuarine delta . 3
Some items of clothing are designed to be worn as underwear , while others such as T-shirts can be used both as underwear and as outer clothing . 2
A backhand chop or knife edge chop is when a wrestler uses a backhand wing and slaps the chest of their opponent with the palm of their hand . 3
This subfamily is widely distributed , and members are adapted to a wide variety of environments . 2
Although it is rare , Korats occasionally have striking or faint white markings or spots or even very faint grey stripes . 2
So far , two nuclear weapons have been used in the course of warfare , both by the United States near the end of World War II . 2
A hall boy could rise through the ranks and , if fortunate , eventually become a valet or butler . 2
The President is limited to a single five -year term . 1
Mermaids could also swim up rivers to freshwater lakes . 2
Recently , M82 has undergone at least one tidal encounter with M81 . 2
A consumer is a person that buys a good for consumption . 2
There are a lot of operating systems , which are based on FreeBSD . 2
Human impacts during the 19th and 20th century have been significant . 2
Bears do not have good hearing . 1
A fishing port is a port or harbor used by people who are fishing . 2
Kodaikanal was established in 1845 as a resort town where people would come to find refuge from the high temperatures and tropical diseases of the plains . 3
Food power is part of food politics . 2
The game received fairly good reviews from critics . 2
Scratch and sniff is created through the process of micro-encapsulation . 3
Early Cybermen had an unsettling , sing-song voice , created by changing their voices slightly on syllables which a voice does not normally change . 2
In humans and animals , fear is modulated by the process of cognition and learning . 2
The quarter has a population of 17,226 distributed on an area of 4.6 km2 . 2
Mostly songs in this album are smooth and midpaced , while some are faster . 2
Standing ovations are also often given in a sporting context to reflect an outstanding individual performance . 2
Pippi Longstocking is a fictional nine-year- old girl . 2
Discussions included some issues which remained unresolved from previous summits . 2
The corresponding formation on the floor of the cave is known as a stalagmite . 3
They are viviparous , born live and free-swimming . 2
The purpose of classification is to protect information . 2
There is some debate over using medication to control fever . 2
Females reach sexual maturity at 4 years while males do not reach maturity until 7 years old . 2
Stingrays feed mostly on molluscs , crustaceans , and occasionally on small fish . 3
During an instrumental interlude , the music creates a thunder storm to indicate the passage of time . 3
On 8 July 1680 , Hooke observed the nodal patterns associated with the mode of vibration of glass plates . 2
The festival authority chooses and invites Asian and Australian movies to participate in different sections . 2
There should be multiple ways of sending emergency information so that if one does not work , the others might . 2
The group played together for 55 years , until 1938 . 2
No matter how advanced the semiconductor process or how fast the switching speed , this places a practical limit on how many instructions can be simultaneously dispatched . 2
Most feathered dinosaurs discovered so far have been coelurosaurs . 3
The shrinking generator uses a different technique . 2
The island has a mild climate but is known for frequent hurricanes . 2
Until the end of 2004 , there were six criteria for cultural heritage and four criteria for natural heritage . 2
Positive latitudes are north of the equator and less than zero latitudes are south of equator . 3
Shooting has inspired competition , and in several countries rifle clubs started to form in the 19th century . 2
A schismatic is a person who creates schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group . 3
African trypanosomiasis symptoms occur in two stages . 3
Lovins and Price say that these two different sets of personal values lead to two very different policy paths relating to future energy supplies . 2
Blobfish are often caught as bycatch in bottom trawling nets . 2
The executive branch is mostly about the President and is independent of the legislature . 3
A select few languages use voiceless nasal consonants . 3
True book - borers are uncommon . 2
The population was 22,699 at the 2010 census and an estimated 25,976 in 2018 . 2
An Cafe has been a long time supporter and endorser of popular Japanese fashion label Sex Pot Revenge , as they are frequently seen wearing clothing from that label . 2
A unique feature at a water park is ice skating . 2
In March 1944 a military training camp was set up at the lake . 2
The movement of snakes in arboreal habitats has only recently been studied . 2
The marbled polecat is found from southeast Europe to Russia and China . 2
The award categories have changed over the years . 2
In Western culture , it is traditional for the person proposing to be down on one bent knee . 2
Fifth is the on- board fire extinguishing system that are required . 2
Music and sport are the only subjects that generally fall outside the station 's coverage . 2
A mud volcano is usually made by mud diapir that breaks out of the surface of the Earth or on the ocean bottom . 2
Elemental bromine is toxic and causes chemical burns on human flesh . 2
There is discussion whether the hotspot is caused by a deep mantle plume or at a shallower depth . 2
The highlight of the prison , from the inmates ' point of view , was the garden . 2
It has been estimated that most mammalian species have between ten and fifteen types of toll - like receptors . 3
All four games in the series received positive reviews from critics . 2
Most Irish immigrants to the United States during this period favored large cities because they could create their own communities for support and protection in a new environment . 2
With a vertical drop of 300 m to 400 m , this is one of the more technical of the para-alpine skiing disciplines . 2
Chinese rock reached a peak of creativity and popularity between 1990 and 1993 . 2
Therefore , the mean of the grouped data is 2
The Forest is an important recreational area with woodland walks , noted for their displays of bluebells in the early spring . 2
In this region , Iran is home to the most sites with 13 sites . 2
Most of the principal buildings of the castle date from the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries . 2
A transport version of the Stormer with a flat load bed is used to carry the Shielder minelaying system . 3
Chain- driven transfer cases use a chain to drive most often only one axle , but can drive both axles . 2
The square root of two was the first known irrational number . 2
There are many different varieties of quartz , several of which are semi-precious gemstones . 3
As the price of scrap metal has increased plaques have been the target of metal thieves wishing to resell the metal for cash . 2
The executive branch is headed by the president and is formally independent of both the legislature and the judiciary . 3
The population will decline from about the 2040th . 2
In April 2009 , part of the roof fell down . 2
Not only did nimravids have varied tooth styles , but they also showed the same range of size size and shape as felids . 2
Most of Europe lies in temperate climate zones . 2
Up - and-over or overhead doors are often used in garages . 2
Many products are made from plant sap . 2
Endgames can be studied according to the types of pieces that remain on board . 2
In 1883 he was appointed general-admiral . 2
It is a fallacy because the moral character or actions of the opponent are generally irrelevant to the logic of the argument . 2
The movie was well - liked by critics and audiences . 2
In regular play , two defencemen play with three forwards and a goaltender on the ice . 2
Undulators can provide hundreds of time more magnetic flux than a simple bending magnet and as such are in high demand at synchrotron radiation facilities . 3
Red junglefowl regularly bathe in dust to keep just the right balance in their plumage . 3
The median income for a household in the city was $ 39,375 , and the median income for a family was $ 48,250 . 2
Ballet died on 2 January 2017 at the age of 88 . 1
A stream cipher makes use of a much smaller and more convenient key such as 128 bits . 2
He went down the stairs to the first floor cafeteria which had around a hundred people in it . 2
Techniques such as branch prediction and speculative execution are used to lessen these branch penalties . 3
Green cardamom is one of the most expensive spices by weight but little is needed to impart flavor . 2
The Red Crown frequently is mentioned in texts and depicted in reliefs and statues . 3
This was an early description of a process of geographical speciation . 2
Crystals are regular arrays of atoms , meaning that the atoms are repeat over and over in all three dimensions . 3
The Pyxicephalidae contain two subfamilies , with a total of 12 genera . 3
The opinions of viewers at the time was divided The four-part serial aired in 1982 , and it has not done better over time . 2
The series was popular with American audiences . 2
Renewable energy projects in many developing countries have demonstrated that renewable energy can directly contribute to poverty alleviation by providing the energy needed for creating businesses and employment . 3
The movie 's DVD was released on October 10 , 2006 . 1
The wrestler draws a hand back and hits the opponent vertically , usually hitting the top of the head . 2
On April 20 , 2019 , Picker died in New York City from colon cancer at the age of 87 . 2
Bacteria make up most of the flora in the colon and up to 60 % of the dry mass of feces . 2
Stereochemistry was important in solving the thalidomide disaster in the 1960s . 3
The five color theorem is implied by the stronger four color theorem , but is considerably easier to prove . 3
Breeding in this family begins at the start of the rainy season . 2
The novel tells about ideal civilization of powerful mages which have invited paranormal skills like telepathy , levitation and mediumism . 2
The restaurant closed down on September 9 , 2000 . 1
A series is the sum of all the terms of a sequence . 2
In HVDC monopole configuration , one of the terminals of the rectifier is connected to earth ground . 3
Barril died in Barcelona , Spain from pneumonia , aged 62 . 2
The dolmen dates from around 3500 BC , and has traditionally been identified as a communal burial . 2
When a system writes data to cache , it must at some point write that data to the backing store as well . 2
Studying nearby starburst galaxies can help us explore the history of galaxy formation and evolution . 2
The ratio of height to width is 5 to 8 . 1
Most present- day coral reefs were formed after the last ice age when melting ice caused the sea level to rise and flood the continental shelves . 2
The chapel was destroyed in a fire on 27 May 2000 , connected to Satanism , but was rebuilt and reopened on 13 May 2001 . 2
Epoxides can be deoxygenated using oxophilic reagents . 3
Cholera 's main symptoms are very bad diarrhea and vomiting clear fluid . 3
The strong taste people associate with anchovies is due to the curing process . 2
Eunomia appears to be an elongated but fairly regularly shaped body , with what appear to be four sides of differing curvature and noticeably different average compositions . 3
The stars in planetary nebulae are very hot . 2
The pigmented chromatophores have a sac of pigment and a large membrane that is folded when retracted . 3
The dorsal and anal fins are divided into front spiny and back soft-rayed portions , which may be partially or completely separated . 3
There are very few symphonies written in this key . 2
If between 10 and 60 nucleotides are repeated , it is called a minisatellite . 3
The sarus crane is easily distinguished from other cranes in the region by its overall grey color and the contrasting red head and upper neck . 3
The Earth 's atmospheric circulation varies from year to year , but the large-scale structure of its circulation remains fairly constant . 3
The city grew after the construction of a new wharf in 1931 . 2
In economics and accounting , capital accumulation is often equated with investment of profit income or savings , especially in real capital goods . 2
The hottest month is July , with an average temperature of . 2
Bear is often called a hard science fiction author because he uses many scientific details in his work . 2
She turned 100 in September 2017 and died on 19 January 2018 . 1
Research usually involves a mixture of field and laboratory studies . 2
In 1977 , the federal government placed alligators on the endangered species list . 2
The line formation provided the best frontage for volley fire , while sacrificing maneuverability and defence against cavalry . 3
Producing milk has been part of farming for a long time . 2
Strategic bombing was an idea first tried in World War I . 2
The physics affecting the bullet once it leaves the barrel is termed external ballistics . 2
These spots are often followed within a few days or weeks by a much greater leakage of blood , which blurs the vision . 3
The club 's logo is a green globe with the initials CFC in white across the center , along with twelve white stylised pine seeds . 2
Various theories have been put forward as possible contributors to the collapse , many of them mutually compatible . 2
All nine of the Grenfell brothers were expert polo players . 2
The phrase is used in many contexts . 1
All the islands are low and flat . 2
Type II rearrangements often involve double hydrogen migration in a carbon skeleton . 3
He died on 3 May 2015 , aged 84 , after a long illness . 1
Two nearly identical seven story parking ramps on east and west sides provide 12,550 parking spaces . 2
After boxing , Rose became a successful businessman . 2
A number of craters lie embedded within this range . 2
Insect respiration happens without lungs . 2
A polypeptide is a single linear polymer chain of amino acids . 3
The game features the revived ECW brand , and it takes its place alongside the established Raw and SmackDown ! 2
The movie cost about $ 15 million to make . 2
Political philosophy is a branch of philosophy . 2
Over the years she has worked in various genres including jazz and art song , but generally with a sparse and somber tone to it . 3
Multi-use tickets allow a passenger to travel more than once . 2
Inert gases are often used in the chemical industry . 2
The actual number of diverted aircraft and passengers varies from each source . 2
Octopuses can operate chromatophores in complex , wavelike displays , giving rapidly changing color schemes . 3
Farmer was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in the spring of 1970 , which was attributed to her lifelong habit of heavy smoking . 2
There are a wide range of giant-class stars and several subdivisions are commonly used to identify smaller groups of stars . 2
The constituency was formed for the 1998 legislative election , replacing a number of single-member constituencies used until 1995 . 3
He was one of the best known politicians in Sweden . 2
A double pedal is two pedal tones played simultaneously . 2
The eastern border of the province corresponds to the western side of the Maas , which originates in France . 2
Religious tensions remained strong throughout the second half of the 16th century . 2
The first taxi-type system started in Paris and London in the early 17th century . 2
White chocolate , although similar in texture to that of milk and dark chocolate , does not contain any cocoa solids . 2
Now , the village and base 's combined population is about 4,500 . 2
Pussy Riot released seven songs and five videos . 1
There are approximately 2,600 cases of bacterial meningitis per year in the United States , and on average 333,000 cases in developing countries . 2
Not all scientists are convinced that the observed signatures are caused by a ring system . 2
A major railway survey in April 1961 was used in the writing of a government report on the future of the network . 2
Arcanite is the mineral form of potassium sulfate . 3
At the end of the war , he moved to Paris , working almost only in charcoal and lithography . 3
A consonant may be added to separate vowels in hiatus . 3
A person has chronic Hepatitis C if he has been infected with the Hepatitis C virus for more than six months . 3
Small handmade balls contain a lead pellet wrapped in rubber and wool with a leather cover . 2
By the end of the year French armies had won victories on all fronts . 2
Kart racing is generally accepted as the most economic form of motorsport available on four wheels . 2
The preputial glands of mice and rats are large modified sebaceous glands that produce pheromones used for territorial marking . 3
Ryman died on February 8 , 2019 in New York City at the age of 88 . 1
The atmosphere is a chaotic system . 2
On 5 August 2018 , Barry died after a long battle with bone cancer , aged 73 . 1
The bridge 's collapse had lasting effects on science and engineering . 2
Canyoning can be dangerous . 2
In many cases , the splicing process can create a range of unique proteins by varying the exon composition of the same mRNA . 3
Cleaner shrimp are often included in salt water aquaria to keep the tank clean . 2
An attack in which a wrestler brings the knee up to hit the opponent under the chin as if performing an uppercut . 2
The swimming competition was held in the open sea . 2
After the shootings , the observation deck was closed . 2
Para-alpine skiing classification is the classification system for para-alpine skiing designed to ensure fair competition between alpine skiers with different types of disabilities . 2
Research efforts to prevent and treat dengue include various means of vector control , vaccine development , and antiviral drugs . 3
Advances in semiconductor technology reduced transistor size ; multicore CPUs have appeared where multiple CPUs are implemented on the same silicon chip . 3
Most screwdrivers are operated manually , but there are some that use an electric or other motor to rotate the bit . 2
Visitors typically arrive at a tram station in the arrival plaza located between the administrative buildings and the Museum entrance . 2
Physicists represent sources of magnetic moments in materials as poles . 2
The first legs were played on 13 February and 14 February 2008 . 2
Euthanasia can be active or passive , and voluntary , non-voluntary and involuntary . 3
Imps are often described as mischievous more than seriously threatening , and as lesser beings rather than more important supernatural beings . 3
While the details of her story are fictional , her existence and martyrdom are considered a historical fact . 2
In the 14th century , the word described the roughness of woven cloth before it was cut . 2
Guerra died from cardiac arrest on 11 May 2018 at the age of 52 . 2
There are different fields of deontological ethics . 3
The inner ear is made mostly of the cochlea . 2
Bullfrogs are voracious , opportunistic , ambush predators that prey on any small animal they can overpower and stuff down their throats . 3
Many prophets make a large number of prophecies . 2
Vervet monkeys serve as a primate model for understanding genetic and social behaviors of humans . 2
Six field guides have also been published . 2
In each group , teams play against each other home - and - away in a round-robin format . 2
The first attack was made on January 17 . 1
A match similar to a singles match with the exception that the loser must kiss the winner 's bare foot . 2
The game started to be developed in early 2012 . 1
Aquifers can occur at various depths . 2
RNA viruses have very high mutation rates compared to DNA viruses . 3
There are 351 identified plant species in the park ; three of these are rare and protected . 2
There are infinitely many non-similar shapes of icosahedra , some of them being more symmetrical than others . 3
Like flatworms they have a ciliated epidermis , but are unique in having but one cilium per cell . 3
Skink - like lizards first appear in the fossil record about 140 million years ago , during the early Cretaceous , mostly jawbones that appear very skink - like . 3
Much of the range lies within a succession of national parks and other reserves . 2
Secondary cells are rechargeable , and may be reused multiple times . 2
It had 852 people according to the 2001 census . 2
Fashion designers attempt to design clothes which are functional as well as aesthetically pleasing . 2
Shortly before his first NHL training camp , Boynton was diagnosed with Type I Diabetes , but the condition did not affect his ability to play hockey . 3
The two common forms of playing golf are match play and stroke play . 2
A tactical offensive is an operation that is usually smaller or more limited . 2
The first-line psychiatric treatment for schizophrenia is antipsychotic medication , which can reduce the positive symptoms in about seven to fourteen days . 3
Anti-nuclear groups say that reliance on nuclear energy can be reduced by adopting energy conservation and energy efficiency measures . 3
During the war , the town was completely destroyed . 2
This list is arranged by where the river drains . 2
Winners are listed first and indicated with double dagger 2
They also appear in various folklore , remedies , and traditional usages around the world . 3
Another solid positional line , this variation is characterized by the moves : 1 . e 2
Cetaceans and artiodactyls now are classified under the order Cetartiodactyla , often still referred to as Artiodactyla , which includes both whales and hippopotamuses . 3
The bridge is a single-span structure with three bowstring trusses which created two bays for the original two GWR tracks . 3
Slugs belong to several different families which also include snails with shells . 2
Three matches happened on the pre-show . 2
By the end of 2008 , there were a total of 14 schools with about 9268 students . 1
The yellow- bellied glider lives in forests and woodlands in eastern Australia and is found at a range of altitudes from sea level to 1400 metres . 3
It differs in three ways from the previous report . 2
But the committee is still mainly made up of politicians . 2
A safety is scored if a player causes the ball to become dead in his own end zone . 2
Gabrielle starts the series as a young adult who more or less stands behind Xena , and relies on Xena to protect her . 2
Without heat , a fire cannot begin . 2
All uraninite minerals contain a small amount of radium as a radioactive decay product of uranium . 3
The trematodes or flukes are estimated to include 18,000 to 24,000 species 2
A lot of classical guitar music is in E minor , because this key is very suited for the instrument . 2
They lay their eggs in cavities in moist soil , where they hatch into larvae that seek out streams or underground seepages , before metamorphosing into adults . 3
The two testable structural consequences of the cosmological principle are homogeneity and isotropy . 3
The song was given positive reviews from music critics . 2
Like most other male mammals , a man 's genome typically inherits an X chromosome from his mother and a Y chromosome from his father . 3
The sea has been used for fishery and transportation of goods between the coastal countries . 2
Some of these performances were omitted from DVD release for copyright reasons . 2
Although geographers are historically known as people who make maps , map making is actually the field of study of cartography , a subset of geography . 3
A clapstick is a type of musical instrument that , according to western musicological classification , falls into the category of percussion . 3
737s are not equipped with fuel dump systems . 2
A merger was proposed already in 1964 but did n't become reality until a meeting on 6 December 1992 . 2
Males and females look pretty similar except during the breeding season , when the most conspicuous difference is a swollen gland around the male 's vent . 3
Team variations of battle royals consist of designated tag teams of wrestlers , usually two to a team . 2
The common cold is generally mild and goes away on its own with most symptoms improving in one week . 2
Typical plants and animals have two sets of chromosomes , one set inherited from each parent . 3
Another example is in the proposed biosynthesis of aranotin , an oxepine found in nature , and its related compounds . 3
The term is now often used in invitations , such as to weddings and office parties . 2
There are wide , shallow valleys , and many granite rocks . 2
Epidemiological practice and the results of epidemiological analysis make a significant contribution to emerging population - based health management frameworks . 3
In January 2013 Jenneke was ranked tenth on AskMen. com 's 99 Most Desirable Women 2013 . 2
This work supported the big-bang theory of the universe beginning . 2
It can be made by mixing lithium oxide or lithium hydroxide and carbon dioxide . 3
Diffusion is associated with the dependency of the output bits on the input bits . 2
The laboratory of 3D computer graphics and calculation creating new algorithms to solve problems of processing and analysis of signals and images . 3
Scotland has the joint oldest national football team in the world as they played England in the first ever international football match in 1872 . 2
This constellation should not be confused with Lupus , the wolf . 2
In 1882 , the government decided to build a new central passenger station to replace the existing ad-hoc station buildings . 2
A recording medium is a physical material that holds information . 2
Around 120,000 requests are made each year . 2
Many objects cannot achieve negative temperatures , because adding energy to them will increase their entropy . 2
Laws retired in August 2016 and was diagnosed with cervical cancer one month later . 2
The adversarial system is the two - part system under which criminal law courts operate . 2
With the start of the Soest district in 1817 its influence slowly rose . 2
When war broke out again in 1282 , it was entirely different . 2
In the United States , mitigating factors are very important in death penalty cases . 2
In addition to the United States , Americans and people of American descent can be found internationally . 2
No mention of them has been found in contemporary accounts or pictures of the time . 2
Wrasses have protractile mouths , usually with separate jaw teeth that jut outwards . 3
Although geophysics was only recognized as a separate discipline in the 19th century , its origins date back to ancient times . 2
Traditional gene names and abbreviations are often not specific for a single gene . 2
If a sequence converges to some limit , then it is convergent ; otherwise it is divergent . 3
Ethnic separatism is based more on differences in culture and language than religious or racial differences . 3
The Murids are classified in four subfamilies , and about 140 genera . 2
Zika virus can also spread by sexual transmission from infected men to their partners . 2
The park has been frequently closed to visitors because of sulphuric gas emissions . 2
Especially gene abbreviations / symbols but also full gene names are often not specific for a single gene . 3
Twenty - eight merchant ships with more than 34000 ST of cargo were sunk or destroyed . 2
The movie got mixed and positive reviews from critics . 2
This was the first major history of Japan to be published in the West . 2
Kodaikanal was established in 1845 as a refuge from the high temperatures and tropical diseases of the plains . 2
Starting from an appropriate initial value determined by the injection energy , the field strength of the dipole magnets is then increased . 2
Performance optimizations were made in order to speed up common tasks across all supported iOS devices . 2
Energy efficiency will continue to increase . 2
The first European to come to the region may have been the Spaniard Alonso de Ojeda in 1499 . 2
The discovery made headlines across the Earth . 2
A warm water port is a port where the water does not freeze in winter time . 2
TLR signaling ultimately leads to the induction or suppression of genes that orchestrate the inflammatory response . 3
The uterus is supplied by arterial blood both from the uterine artery and the ovarian artery . 3
Rapid forces , whether for an offensive or defensive purpose , were needed to deny vital locations to the enemy . 2
In many countries , a secretary of state is a mid-level official . 2
Crystallinity can be measured using x-ray crystallography , but calorimetric techniques are also commonly used . 3
A triple flat can be found , but it is very rare . 2
Gastrotrichs demonstrate eutely , each species having an invariant genetically fixed number of cells as adults . 3
As of 2018 , there are seven living former Prime Ministers . 2
Copper thermite is used for welding together thick copper wires for the purpose of electrical connections . 3
The island has a mild climate , but is known for frequent hurricanes . 2
Many of the details of the galaxy remain a mystery , especially how it formed . 2
For integrals of vector fields , things are more complicated , because the surface normal is involved . 2
Parentheses show the numbers of admitted students per year . 2
All quarks and gluons in QCD interact with each other through the strong force . 2
The giant panda has luxuriant black - and - white fur . 2
Some networks have made changes to prevent them from being utilized by such multi-network IM clients . 2
In the early days of the recording industry , record labels were absolutely necessary for the success of any artist . 2
Efforts have been taken to reduce the pollution and increase water quality . 2
The median income for a household in the city was $ 45,015 , and the median income for a family was $ 51,162 . 2
The draw for the qualification stage took place on 8 April 2015 , immediately after the announcement of the host nation . 2
The solitary Short- beaked Echidna looks for a mate between May and September ; the precise timing of the mating season varies with geographic location . 2
A team gets 3 points for a win . 2
The rare earth elements are often found together . 2
The British Sovereign serves as the Sovereign of the Order . 2
During the 1990s , the mansion had a $ 4.4 million improvement program . 2
New Zealand , one of Australia 's closest allies , said they would be sending two fifteen member civil defence teams to assist in flood rescue efforts . 2
The company was also the first in the industry to develop a gas-fired generator to produce electricity for cathodic protection to fight corrosion on pipelines . 3
The current constitution dates from 1997 . 2
The project will also include 420 to 470 units of housing . 2
The water , having been separated from the air , leaves the camera aeolis at the same rate as it enters . 2
Some people consider catsuits to be fetish items . 3
Eucalypts draw a tremendous amount of water from the soil through the process of transpiration . 3
On single-reed instruments like a clarinet or saxophone the mouthpiece is shaped like a wedge . 2
Cockatoos occupy a wide range of habitats , from forests in subalpine zones to mangroves . 3
English - language anime forums adopted those Japanese-style emoticons that could be used with the standard ASCII characters available on Western keyboards . 2
Editors have so far made two platinum albums , selling over two million copies around the world . 2
The following tables include medals won by athletes on OCI teams . 2
On October 5 , a tropical storm developed south of Haiti . 2
Hardware implements cache as a block of memory for temporary storage of data likely to be used again . 2
The reason that Specialized was based on Special English is related to their respective usage . 2
The candidates in this section have held public office or been included in a minimum of five independent national polls . 2
Wass died on 4 January 2017 at the age of 93 . 1
The third rail is usually located outside the two running rails , but occasionally between them . 2
As of 2008 , the best published cryptanalysis on the Twofish block cipher is a truncated differential cryptanalysis of the full 16 - round version . 3
A tables match is a match in which , to win , one 's opponent must somehow be driven through a table by their opponent . 2
Chemical literature databases correlate structures or other chemical information to relevant references such as academic papers or patents . 3
Evaporation is a very essential part of the water cycle . 3
The nasal septum can depart from the center line of the nose in a condition that is known as a deviated septum caused by trauma . 3
In colonial India , the British made various penal colonies . 2
Its main attraction is ecological diversity . 2
The clock signal is a special digital signal that is used to synchronize digital circuits . 3
Though relatively rare , songs can fade out , then fade back in . 2
Males and females have different vocal fold sizes . 2
To the band 's surprise , the song became a hit at prom dances . 2
M82 has undergone at least one tidal encounter with M81 resulting in a large amount of gas being funneled into the galaxy 's core over the last 200 Myr . 3
The book has been in print since it was first published , and has sold over one million copies . 2
In HVDC bipolar configuration , a pair of conductors are used , each at a high potential with respect to ground in opposite polarity . 3
The average age of Earth 's continental crust is about 2.0 billion years . 3
Gum arabic is a complex mixture of glycoproteins and polysaccharides predominantly consisting of arabinose and galactose . 3
The Romans adopted the Greek tradition , writing at first in Greek , but eventually chronicling their history in a freshly non-Greek language . 2
Skiing , snowboarding and mountaineering are among the most popular sports in Switzerland . 2
This small island is entirely of volcanic origin . 2
Children 's literature can be divided into categories , either according to genre or the intended age of the reader . 2
If hypotheses may be drawn from knowledge of other deep-sea cephalopods , the vampire squid likely reproduces slowly by way of a small number of large eggs . 3
Japanese prisoner - of- war camps , many of which were used as labor camps , also had high death rates . 2
Polydnaviruses are a unique group of insect viruses that have a mutualistic relationship with parasitic wasps . 3
Once a person gets the dengue virus from a mosquito , the virus attaches to and enters the person 's white blood cells . 2
Rooth died in Sweden on 27 February 1972 . 1
Music and sport are the only fields that largely fall outside the station 's remit . 2
In 1870 the river flooded . 1
Many solids react readily with reactive gases such as chlorine , iodine , oxygen or others . 3
Points and goals will carry over in full from the regular season . 2
Some mathematical notations are mostly diagrammatic , and so are almost entirely script independent . 3
Birds and animals of all sorts began to enrich her garden , where they were allowed to roam free among the grounds . 2
Fourth is the high-strength metal shield that must be placed behind the head of all Top Fuel drivers . 2
The movie was not a success at the box office . 2
The church was burnt down on 12 November 2001 . 2
The Gran Valira is a tributary to the Segre , which in turn is a tributary to the Ebro . 2
The stone circle was set up between 2900 and 2600 BC . 1
Traditional areas such as forestry and agriculture are still of importance . 2
The movie series has grossed over $ 235 million at the worldwide box office . 2
The movie received mostly positive reviews from critics , and performances from the cast were praised . 2
The current flag was adopted on March 1 , 1961 . 2
Epenthesis arises for a variety of reasons . 3
In this way , a single QRcode can be used to find the same article , in many languages . 2
In most games today , the first part has been sung , then the chorus two times . 2
The proboscis monkey eats mainly fruit and leaves . 2
There are a number of different ways to make rocket candy . 2
Hedgehogs are nocturnal , but gymnures are less so , and may be active during the day . 3
Reynolds was a Professor of English from 1894 to 1938 . 2
Some serious nuclear accidents have occurred . 2
The median income for a household in 2000 was $ 16,563 per year . 2
Although benzodiazepines are very effective at treating alcohol withdrawal , they should be carefully used . 3
The central theme of hydrology is that water circulates throughout the Earth through different pathways and at different rates . 2
Officially , genetic engineering is the direct manipulation of the genome with techniques developed in the 1970s . 2
Access to this area was also incorporated into the neighboring East Stand on several levels ; the spectator capacity of the structure is 202 . 2
Eros was one of the first asteroids to be visited by a spacecraft , and the first to be orbited and soft-landed on . 3
Like many toucans , keel - billed toucans are very social birds , rarely seen alone . 2
The common cold is the most common human disease and people are affected all around the world . 2
Newspapers have continued their downward trend in classifieds revenue as internet classifieds grow . 2
He had climbed 10 out of 14 eight - thousanders , all without supplementary oxygen . 2
Despite the name of the band , or the band 's logo , the members do not consider themselves antitheist . 2
Listed from north to south 1
Under some conditions , such as extremely low temperature , some ceramics exhibit high- temperature superconductivity . 2
Many brands of ready sliced bread are available , some of which specifically market their suitability for toasting . 2
Humans have had a dramatic effect on the environment . 2
European colonies began with the Spanish settlement of Santa Catarina island in 1542 . 2
Camellia plants usually have a rapid growth rate . 2
Despite their extreme luminosity , many of these stars are too distant to be observed with the naked eye . 3
The hillside placement of the palace was considered important in establishing control in the early days of the kingdom . 2
The skin is covered in chromatophores , which enable the squid to change color to suit its surroundings , making it effectively camouflaged . 3
Linspire has drawn some criticism from the linux free software community . 2
The botanical exhibits are placed according to their start in free-air or climate controlled greenhouses , which also contain many tropical and subtropical plants . 2
Bald eagles are sexually mature at four or five years of age . 2
There are numerous mathematically equivalent formulations of quantum mechanics . 3
The Japanese government continues to search for the bodies of Japanese military troops who were killed during the battle . 2
Krautchan . net is a German- language imageboard whose / int / board is frequented by English-speaking netizens . 3
Chlorine dioxide is used to bleach wood pulp to make paper . 3
An often studied electrocyclic reaction is the conrotatory thermal ring-opening of benzocyclobutene . 3
Many tree frogs can change their color for better camouflage . 2
Signs and symptoms of diphtheria usually begin two to five days after a person gets infected . 3
They are similar in size but slightly smaller than the herring gull . 3
In languages other than English , the meanings of multiple and aggregate fruit are reversed . 2
Three major pathways are involved in abnormal proliferation and contraction of the smooth-muscle cells of the pulmonary artery in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension . 3
Cyberpunk and postcyberpunk authors have been interested by the idea of the breakdown of the government . 3
The book has also been seen as an attempt to redefine masculinity as a necessary step toward the abolition of slavery . 3
On October 5 , a tropical storm formed south of Haiti . 2
Spanish -speaking countries use many different names for the varieties and preparations . 2
The Classical Period also saw an increase in the use of statues and sculptures as decorations of buildings . 2
So , in normal diploid organisms , autosomal chromosomes are present in two copies . 3
The main economic activity is tourism and the parish is a major tourism destination . 2
It can be used as a mordant . 2
The order includes about 2500 - 2800 species from 85 - 90 genera , which comprise seven families of trees and shrubs . 3
Elemental symbols were often used by the early Church . 2
Arns was killed in the 2010 Haiti earthquake while speaking to a church group . 2
Many novels of great length do not have chapters . 2
There have been numerous revivals since newer styles supplanted ragtime in the 1920s . 2
Numbers seven and eight on the list are of a different kind from the first six , and are generally not considered by the other authors . 2
There are many kinds of icosahedra , with some being more symmetrical than others . 3
The bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals capable of flight . 2
Still other nebulae form as planetary nebulae . 2
Modern dry cleaning uses solvents that do not use water to remove dirt and stains from clothing . 3
Independence is another advantage of owning a small business . 2
The first , simple optical printers were constructed in the early 1920s . 2
Time fuzes detonate after a set period of time by using one or more combinations of mechanical , electronic , pyrotechnic or even chemical timers . 3
Many newts produce toxins in their skin secretions as a defence mechanism against predators . 3
The federal structure of Russia includes 85 regional parliaments . 2
Between 1948 and 1950 , she developed a theory by which these mobile elements regulated the genes by inhibiting or modulating their action . 2
Most parts of the former super-continent Gondwana have ratites , or did have until the fairly recent past . 3
A singer makes a musical statement , and then the musical chorus answers together . 2
At the end of the wash cycle , the machine starts a rinse cycle wherein the garment load is rinsed with fresh distilled solvent from the pure solvent tank . 3
Over 2000 complaints were made against the organization in 2009 , with a similar number of complainst by 2017 . 2
In 1984 , when he was about 25 , he finally came into contact people from outside his family . 2
The port of the mosque measures 27 meters high . 1
The group sings theme music for anime which are famous overseas too . 2
Thirty -one of the soundtrack 's songs feature vocals . 2
The current site of the palace has been in use since Roman times . 2
About ten distinct IFNs have been identified in mammals ; seven of these have been described for humans . 2
However , the theater was closed on royal order in 1792 and it became a warehouse . 2
The shell color keeps the animal hidden in the water . 2
This subfamily is widely distributed and members are adapted to a wide variety of environments . 2
Popular science is a bridge between scientific literature as a professional medium of scientific research , and the realms of popular political and cultural discourse . 2
A similar calendar found nearby at Villards d'Heria is preserved in only eight small fragments . 3
The dolmen dates from about 3,500 B. C . 2
Otherwise , companies in France was looking for graduated students with specialized skills , for jobs in key sectors . 2
Many countries responded to the appeals and launched fund-raising efforts , as well as sending search and rescue teams . 2
The development team chose to not include lethal weapons in the game . 2
Several explanations exist for the original name . 2
The following table lists the progression of the largest known prime number in ascending order . 2
The movie was filmed from October 1991 to January 1992 . 2
In the end the use of neusis was deemed acceptable only when the two other , higher categories of constructions did not offer a solution . 2
Geologists usually require several pieces of evidence before they will accept that a rock was used by a dinosaur to aid its digestion . 3
An order can be as simple as setting a date for trial or as complex as restructuring contractual relationships by and between many corporations in a multi-jurisdictional dispute . 3
As of 2019 , there are seven living former Prime Ministers . 2
Kimberlite has attracted attention because it serves as a carrier of diamonds and garnet peridotite mantle xenoliths to the Earth 's surface . 3
Most people with dengue recover without any ongoing problems . 2
Genet developed throat cancer and died on 15 April 1986 in Paris . 2
The length of the slide rule is quoted in terms of the nominal length of the scales . 2
Four days since impact , food is in short supply across the entire planet . 2
Statistics are correct as of 14 January 2019 . 2
X-rays and UV radiation that is released by solar flares can affect Earth 's ionosphere . 3
Coble had skin cancer for many years . 2
The microglia are the macrophages of the nervous system . 3
In the second season , the format of the show changed drastically . 2
000 is the primary emergency telephone number in Australia . 2
When the yerba is harvested , the branches are dried sometimes with a wood fire , imparting a smoky flavor . 2
Finally , the commune hosts a waste incinerator which disposes of the waste from 44 surrounding communes . 3
Fire plays a major role in the ecology of the forest with many plant species needing fire to regenerate . 2
The principal threats to cockatoos are habitat loss and the trade in wild animals . 2
Another application of material science is the structures of ceramics and glass typically associated with the most brittle materials . 3
The arms of the three original leagues were combined into the modern cantonal coat of arms in 1933 . 2
The side-chains of the cell wall carry the bases responsible for the somatic antigen specificity of these organisms . 3
The side chains of the cell wall carry the bases responsible for the somatic antigen specificity of these organisms . 3
In the 1880s , he worked as chief engineer of a railroad India . 2
Up to 20,000 people a day visit the city in July and August . 2
Net - casting spiders weave only small webs , but then manipulate them to trap prey . 2
With advances in medicinal chemistry , most modern antibacterials are semisynthetic modifications of various natural compounds . 3
The greatest predators of this species are birds of prey , such as falcons and hawks . 2
Rat snakes are commonly kept as pets . 2
The hot air balloon is the oldest form of flying technology that can successfully carry people . 2
Flash drives implement the USB mass storage device class so that most modern operating systems can read and write to them without installing device drivers . 2
Digital signal processing algorithms typically require a large number of mathematical operations to be performed quickly and repeatedly on a series of data samples . 3
In some vertebrates , including fish and birds , the tectum is one of the largest components of the brain . 3
The bridge 's movements were caused by a'positive feedback ' phenomenon , known as synchronous lateral excitation . 3
Kamikaze pilots wore them before flying to their deaths . 2
The mineral was used during mummification ceremonies in ancient Egypt because it absorbs water and behaves as a drying agent . 2
In 1903 and 1904 , Stumpf was involved in two public episodes about sensational phenomena . 3
The second tunnel was discovered on 19 March 1975 . 2
Mab is heavily perturbed . 3
Winters died on 23 April 2019 at the age of 80 , from congestive heart failure . 2
Viral populations do not grow through cell division , because they are acellular . 2
Many parish churches , abbey churches and cathedrals are in the Romanesque style , or were originally built in the Romanesque style and have subsequently undergone changes . 3
The human body normally cools itself by perspiration , or sweating . 2
In the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position . 2
Organs are made up of more than one kind of tissue . 2
Like many eastern spices , pepper was historically both a seasoning and a folk medicine . 2
Species in the Araceae are often rhizomatous or tuberous and are often found to contain calcium oxalate crystals or raphides . 3
Apart from successful soundtracks , he has also received notability for his background music and is considered one of the finest background music composers in India . 2
The building of both bridges was difficult , with both the first and second bridges needing multiple redesigns from multiple architects . 2
Each postcode area is divided into post towns and postcode districts . 2
In some groups , the elytra are fused together , and the insect is flightless . 2
The county continued to be developed for agriculture and is still largely rural . 2
Later reception of the album has been more uniformly positive . 2
The title of chess expert is not awarded for life . 2
It is important to keep children with croup as calm as possible . 2
It can be argued that an interstellar mission which cannot be completed within 50 years should not be started at all . 2
As of 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 70,160 . 2
Brown recluse spiders are usually between 6 and , but may grow larger . 2
The bones were those of a very short man , just over four feet tall . 2
These are large birds , with colorful male plumage , but are nevertheless difficult to see in the dense vegetation they inhabit . 2
Thoth was a unique god . 1
Later ornithopods became larger , but never rivaled the incredible size of the long-necked , long-tailed sauropods that they partially supplanted . 3
The hosts were only announced after the qualifying round , which meant all teams had to participate in the qualification process for the final stage . 2
Barium hydroxide is used in analytical chemistry for the titration of weak acids , particularly organic acids . 3
The readout can be analog or digital , and modern instruments offer serial communications with a host computer or network . 2
Thermocouples are widely used in science and industry . 3
In 1953 he began working at a Brazilian hospital . 1
When quotation marks sit next to periods and commas , there are two styles of punctuation . 3
The cantons are listed in the order given in the federal constitution . 2
Chemical vapor deposition is a high temperature method that is widely employed for the preparation of coatings and semiconductors from molecular precursors . 3
An addition reaction is the reverse of an elimination reaction . 2
The beetle is an invasive species , and a serious pest which destroys ash trees . 2
Due to the worldwide spreading of the memorial culture surrounding Hiroshima , similar ceremonies are held across the globe . 2
In the game , the player takes on the role of a lord who rules over a medieval castle . 2
At straight rail 's inception there was no restriction on the manner of scoring . 2
In contrast to the natural environment is the built environment . 2
Foxes and humans lived close together in ancient Japan ; this companionship gave rise to legends about the creatures . 2
s of 2019 , SkyTeam flies to more than 1,150 destinations in more than 175 countries and operates more than 14,500 daily flights . 2
In tetrapods , claws are made of keratin and consist of two layers . 2
The animated series takes place chronologically between the and films . 2
The term gets its name from its use in the parliamentary system of government . 2
The executive is the governing center of political authority . 2
In some places , schools have to have tornado drills , but usually not as often as fire drills . 2
Each year , two consuls were elected together , to serve for a one - year term . 2
Since the buildings are of relatively low height , the complex sprawls out over a large area of land . 2
Dissenting opinions are normally written at the same time as the majority opinion and any concurring opinions . 2
For thermally robust materials , high temperature methods are often employed . 2
The rabi crops are sown around mid-November , after the monsoon rains are over , and harvesting begins in April / May . 2
In 1943 , he became assistant director in charge of mechanization and also had responsibility for cryptographic liaison with the US . 2
More than 5,000 people in the United States died from this heat wave . 2
He was succeeded by his son Hethum II . 2
The Master has also been featured in spin-offs of the series , which are of unclear canonicity and may not take place in the same continuity . 3
Events seemed to prove the omens right . 2
The series also featured at least one significant cameo role per episode . 2
The four best third - placed teams from the six groups advanced to the knockout stage along with the six group winners and six runners - up . 2
The wood pigeon is mostly grey , with large white patches on both sides of the neck . 2
Difficulties arise in tracing the history of design management . 2
Hydrobromic acid has commonly been prepared industrially by reacting bromine with either sulfur or phosphorus and water . 3
There are hundreds of different types of fibulae . 2
While production on the show wrapped in February 2001 , new episodes were shown until March 2004 . 2
The following is a table grouping the moons of the solar system by diameter . 2
Cyclothymia is also an old name for bipolar disorder . 3
A double knee is where a wrestler charges towards their opponent and strike them in either the head , chest or back with both of their knees . 2
Ammonium carbonate is a white solid . 3
Helper monkeys are usually raised in a human home as infants . 2
The early modern period was characterized by profound changes in many realms of human endeavor . 3
Luria arrived in New York City on September 12 , 1940 , and soon changed his first and middle names . 2
The collection and library were in rooms at the university . 2
In 1971 , she suffered a miscarriage in the eighth month of pregnancy and survived clinical death . 2
Counting the number of ASL signers is difficult because ASL users have never been counted by the American census . 2
He started his acting career in the late 1990s . 2
After leaving the station , the train enters the launch area . 2
Some of the Mortier de 12 pouces were used for coastal defense , in which case they were fixed on solid metal platforms . 2
Carluccio died on 8 November 2017 aged 80 , from complications after a fall at his home . 2
His views have been spread around the world , mostly through the tracts and now online . 2
After one year , she opened the bookshop again . 1
Concussions prevented him from playing longer . 2
The palm branch was a symbol of triumph and victory in pre-Christian times . 2
On 6 and 7 September 2013 , double international games between Sweden and Finland were played inside . 2
Blobfish are often caught accidentally in bottom trawling nets . 3
Philosophy is the study of humans and the world by thinking and asking questions . 2
Apart from tourism , agriculture is still important , particularly cattle breeding in the mountains and dairy farming in the plains . 2
The order includes 85 - 90 genera from seven families of trees and shrubs . 2
They are usually light in color and have specific gravities less than 3 . 2
Many of the Greek city -states also had a god or goddess associated with that city . 2
In understanding a process , the process is typically mapped out and the process is monitored using control charts . 2
Both types strike by rapidly unfolding and swinging their raptorial claws at the prey , and can inflict serious damage on victims significantly greater in size than themselves . 2
As part of the regeneration , the transport links to Ravenscraig will be greatly improved . 2
A major upgrade took place place between 2010 and is expected to be completed in 2015 . 2
The name used generally refers to the type of military that uses the base . 2
Wet chemistry uses laboratory glassware , such as beakers and flasks , without quantitative chemical analysis using instrumentation . 3
Most of the best sort of medieval manuscripts were written on vellum . 3
Logic is the study of reasoning and argument . 2
After it leaves the station , the train enters the launch area . 2
In 1984 he decided not to seek a second term on account of his age and left office on 30 June 1984 . 2
Thomas died on April 30 , 2016 , at the age of 91 . 1
Because the brain can shift slightly during surgery , the electrodes can become displaced or dislodged from the specific location . 3
Turtles are divided into two extant suborders : Cryptodira and Pleurodira . 3
Other neutral particles are very short-lived and decay before they could be detected even if they were charged . 3
The city was first incorporated in 1872 , but the charter was ed as illegal . 2
iOS 7 was released on September 18 , 2013 to all iOS devices . 2
Police officers patrol on trains and stations , and police posts are available at some stations . 2
Green manures are crops grown for the express purpose of plowing them under . 2
If the electron absorbs a quantity of energy less than the binding energy , it will be transferred to an excited state . 2
These reliefs were taken away in 1945 . 2
It is a mechanism of horizontal gene transfer as are transformation and transduction although these two other mechanisms do not involve cell- to - cell contact . 3
The team 's colors are red and white . 1
Sleep disturbances such as insomnia and sleep apnea are risk factors for depression and suicide . 3
There are many different kinds of intelligence tests that use many methods . 1
An undulator 's figure of merit is spectral radiance . 3
Blankets may be spread on the ground for a picnic or where people want to sit in a grassy or muddy area without soiling their clothing . 2
Businesses usually have some kind of fax system , but the technology has faced increasing competition from Internet - based methods . 2
Lithium carbonate is generated by combining lithium peroxide with carbon dioxide . 3
There was also a version played on television . 1
At the beginning of the 19th century , the building was used as a restaurant . 1
Basic modifications are simple . 2
The origin and meaning of this word are not completely known . 2
The gun can be brought into action fully closed down , the barrel can be clamped and unclamped from within the vehicle . 2
Women did not get the federal vote until 1971 . 2
His role is ceremonial as in many parliamentary democracies . 2
The first movement is written in sonata form and is in the key of C major . 2
In a monopole configuration one of the terminals of the rectifier is connected to earth ground . 3
Temporary abdominal closure techniques are most commonly used in cases of abdominal compartment syndrome in which decompressive laparotomy is necessary to reduce intra abdominal pressure to restore system perfusion . 3
Picked died of colon cancer in New York City on April 20 , 2019 . 2
Visitors can reach the top of the Space Needle by elevators that travel at . 2
When the U.S. joined World War II in December 1941 , it was thought to be a luxury to fly . 2
Skofterud was killed in a jet skiing accident on 29 July 2018 in Arendal , Norway , aged 38 . 1
Before becoming a politician he was a businessman . 2
Critics have objected to the use of genetic engineering on several grounds , including ethical , ecological and economic concerns . 2
Sexual reproduction involves the production of ascospores , commencing with the fusion of an archegonium and an antheridium , with sharing of nuclei . 3
With such a large impact , debris was most likely scattered globally , but has since been worn away . 2
He reached the height of his musical career in the early nineties . 2
The shell of the abalone is exceptionally strong and is made of microscopic calcium carbonate tiles stacked like bricks . 3
The major advantage of conventional hydroelectric dams with reservoirs is their ability to store water at low cost for dispatch later as high value clean electricity . 3
The average depth is 1744 m and the greatest depth is 4735 m . 2
An airplane makes forward thrust when air is pushed in the direction opposite to flight . 2
Since metals are good conductors of electricity , they are valuable in electrical tools and for carrying an electric current over long distances with little energy loss . 2
This event shows who has the hardest shot . 2
An Cafe has been a longtime supporter and endorser of popular Japanese fashion label Sex Pot Revenge , and they are frequently seen wearing clothing from that label . 3
The Government is led by the Prime Minister , who chooses the other Ministers . 2
Unusual for falcons , plumage often differs between male and female , although as is usual with monogamous raptors the female is slightly larger than the male . 3
There are two kinds of adverbs : first form and second form . 2
The second generation iPod was released on July 17 , 2002 . 2
It has a population of 218 people . 1
Burns died on 25 May 2019 after a short illness . 1
The shopping mall is located on both the northern and the southern side of the E4 motorway . 2
Due to its position , the hyoid bone does not fracture easily . 2
A striking feature of metabolism is the similarity of the basic metabolic pathways among vastly different species . 2
A white dwarf can potentially generate multiple novae over time as additional hydrogen continues to accrete onto its surface from its companion star . 3
In May 2006 , it was announced that the station was to be redeveloped as part of a $ 36 million project . 2
Comparisons between denominational churches must be approached with caution . 3
Albatrosses live much longer than other birds ; they delay breeding for longer and invest more effort into fewer young . 2
Tanzania is divided into 26 Regions . 2
The cost of the foundation works caused the building to cost more than expected . 2
Prey includes a wide variety of small to medium-sized mammals and birds . 2
However , because conventions are not textually based , their existence and practice are open to debate . 2
Jutbring has been an active proponent of feminism and equal opportunities for women . 2
Many court decisions are published in more than one reporter . 2
The city is home to a shipbuilding industry , brewing industry , and sawmills . 3
Laws retired from professional cycling in August 2016 . 2
Millipedes appear in folklore and traditional medicine around the world . 3
However , recent research has shown that at least some prokaryotes have microcompartments such as carboxysomes . 3
Since 1990 , the President 's term has begun and ended on March 1 . 2
Pest control is at least as old as agriculture , as there has always been a need to keep crops free from pests . 2
In 2013 he was shot and wounded during his bid for the presidency . 2
Interbrand competition was kept at a minimum , with superstars from all brands competing together only at pay-per-view events . 2
There is no international treaty that specifies a specific crime of ethnic cleansing . 2
The skin is covered in controllable chromatophores of different colors , enabling the squid to match its coloration to its surroundings . 3
Seamounts are one of the most common oceanic ecosystems in the world . 2
The game supports multiplayer with support for up to four players simultaneously . 2
The upperside of the wings is black , without a band and with one row of red crescents along the hindwing margin . 3
The animal was extremely robust with powerfully built jaws and very strong fore limbs . 2
The letter 'h ' is used to aspirate certain consonants . 3
Types of non-fixed keels include swing keels and canting keels . 2
He died on 17 January 2018 from hypothermia , four days after his 52nd birthday . 3
Long died on January 15 , 2017 , at the age of 63 . 1
The MHC genes are highly polymorphic ; many different alleles exist in the different individuals inside a population . 3
The throne is seen as a symbol of authority . 2
The chapel offers regular services . 2
Saltwater Crocodiles live in mangrove and salt marshes on the coast near the reef . 2
A recording medium is a physical material that holds data expressed in any of the existing recording formats . 2
The current trophy is made from silver and gilt , and features a golden globe held up by three silver columns . 2
The chessboard on the top of the cabinet was thin enough to allow for a magnetic linkage . 3
Her career started in 1950 and continues to this day . 2
Skirton died on 11 or 12 May 2019 , at the age of 80 . 1
Females bear young every two years following a 160 to 180 day gestation . 2
The alternative to a standing start is a rolling start . 2
A number of cities hosted walk - in voting centers , and an official list of locations and open hours were made available as of February 6 . 2
Withdrawal of a military occupation may be due to political reasons . 2
It has direct responsibility for maintaining and running over 200 monuments . 2
Breckinridge ordered his field officers to make an inspection of the troops and to report back with the condition of his army . 2
It can be made by reacting bromine , sulfur dioxide , and water . 3
As an elliptical galaxy , Messier 49 has the physical form of a radio galaxy , but it only has the radio emission of a normal galaxy . 3
There are many stories of mambas chasing humans , but these snakes usually prefer to avoid contact with humans . 2
As of 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 7,172 . 2
Some of the original movie actors were n't available to reprise their roles . 2
Mars is a terrestrial planet that consists of minerals containing silicon and oxygen , metals , and other elements that typically make up rock . 2
Numerous nonferrous alloys , cast irons , powder-metallurgy and even plastics are used in the manufacture of gears . 3
Nesomyids are small to medium rodents , and the largest is the size of a rat . 3
Barium hydroxide is used in titrations . 3
This move sees the wrestler delivering an open-handed strike with arm movement akin to a cross , usually to the opponent 's chin , face or chest . 2
French explorers and fur traders were the first recorded Europeans to pass through this region . 2
Igneous rocks can be classified according to their chemistry . 2
New species have been created by domesticated animal husbandry , but the initial dates and methods are not clear . 2
Strong Bad has been one of the series most popular characters , and has been well received . 2
The least skipper 's rounded wings and slender body are distinctive . 2
A move similar to a sliding forearm smash in which a wrestler jumps down on an opponent driving their forearm into anywhere on the opponent 's body . 3
Physicists are working on a number of ways to write down a theory of quantum gravity . 3
Public speakers may use audience response systems . 2
Some people who do this started using pictures of text to make it harder for anti-phishing filters to see it . 2
This species may be encountered in a wide range of open habitats and gardens . 2
The ingredients are diced and then mixed with kvass just before eating ; the ratio of chopped food to kvass is similar to that of cereal to milk . 3
The school is known for having a large number of white students compared with the national average . 2
As an example , the conversion of a diamond into graphite is a spontaneous process at room temperature and pressure . 3
People here are mainly engaged in agriculture such as paddy , banana and tapioca . 2
Wave heights in the scale are for conditions in the open ocean , not along the shore . 2
The wreath is one of the odder parts of the flag , added against the rules of heraldry and breaking up the carpet pattern . 2
An interval that is open does not include the beginning or the end . 2
In February 1982 , two television antennas were added to the structure , increasing its total height to 1707 ft . 2
She was an only child , born in London . 1
The function of masturbation in males is to flush out old sperm with low motility from the male 's genital tract . 3
He died of a brain hemorrhage on 23 March 1995 , after collapsing during the filming of a coaching video . 3
A tandem repeat pattern helps determine an individual 's inherited traits . 3
As part of the changes , the transport to Ravenscraig will get better . 2
The naval engagement between the small German convoy and the craft carrying No. 3 Commando had alerted the German defenders at Blue beach . 2
The procedures of the Diet of Japan have moved away from the British parliamentary model . 2
While the cause of the common cold has only been identified since the 1950s , the disease has been with humanity throughout history . 2
These somewhat abstract concerns usually determine some but not all details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers actually meet and commit to trade . 3
Sexual reproduction is a process specific to eukaryotes , organisms whose cells contain a nucleus and mitochondria . 3
Many block ciphers , such as RC5 , support a variable block size . 3
Freud does not believe there is any supernatural force that affects the way we think or has pre-programmed us to behave in a certain way . 2
Constable painted many full-scale preliminary sketches of his landscapes to test the composition in advance of finished pictures . 3
Modern historical linguistics dates from the late 18th century . 2
Chasms and gorges form a network that dissects the rocky platforms on the plateau . 3
Many people believe that all marks or stains can be removed by dry cleaning . 2
There are at least 33 islands in the atoll . 2
The papyrus is divided into eleven columns . 2
The silky pocket mice are small animals with soft pelage , long tails , and small feet compared to other heteromyids . 3
Superscalar CPU design emphasizes improving the instruction dispatcher accuracy , and allowing it to keep the multiple execution units in use at all times . 2
Since 1963 he has been interested in chemical and biological defense and arms control , has served as a consultant on this subject to various government agencies . 2
During wars , merchant ships may be used as auxiliaries to the navies of their respective countries , and are called upon to deliver military personnel and materiel . 3
After mating has taken place , males perform various actions to prevent females from mating again . 2
Scientists keep doing research on ways to prevent and treat dengue . 2
The song is about people that are suffering which also includes a girl with cancer . 2
Furthermore , legacy applications that attempt to access hardware directly cannot do so in user mode . 2
It is possible to walk upon the walls for roughly half the circumference . 2
The site includes entries on various series and tropes . 2
Garnica started in athletics after his vision severely deteriorated , and is a T12 long distance track and field events . 3
She was elected President in October 2007 . 1
On 10 May 1940 , German troops started their surprise attack on the Netherlands without a declaration of war . 2
Sympatric speciation refers to the formation of two or more descendant species from a single ancestral species all occupying the same geographic location . 3
This plant is adaptable and easy to grow . 2
The bacteria that cause urinary tract infections typically enter the bladder via the urethra . 3
Cogeneration is a thermodynamically efficient use of fuel . 3
Scholars have proposed multiple hypotheses about when , where , and by whom PIE was spoken . 3
The following table is a list of MPs elected on 5 May 2005 , ordered by constituency . 2
The mallard is a medium-sized waterfowl species that is often slightly heavier than most other dabbling ducks . 3
The treaty also describes a mutual , cooperative approach to environmental technology regulations and energy conservation ; and toward international finance and trade . 2
There are two main kinds of charter : bareboat and skippered . 3
In organisms that use chromosomal crossover to exchange DNA and recombine genes , errors in alignment during meiosis can also cause mutations . 3
The median income for a household in the county was $ 36,363 , and the median income for a family was $ 41,381 . 2
In many societies , shepherds were an important part of the economy . 2
In 2002 , it had a population of 557,000 and a population density of 99 / km2 . 2
Groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade , and in high school took an outside study in English . 2
Germany is a constitutional federal democracy . 2
Not all virus infections produce a protective immune response in this way . 2
The number of chromosomes is 40 . 2
Ultimately , the temperatures near the bottom of the geyser rise to a point where boiling begins which forces steam bubbles to rise to the top of the column . 2
This park includes three valleys . 2
Psyche is massive enough that its gravitational perturbations on other asteroids can be observed , which enables a mass measurement . 3
Venegas began playing instruments at age 10 when her parents first sent her to piano lessons . 2
The city hall has a total area of 19,380 square meters including the basement . 2
If you believe that schizophrenia is caused by bad communication between mother and child , then family interaction studies become relevant . 2
He died in 2005 at the age of 87 in New York City , after suffering from cancer . 1
A consultant is usually an expert or a professional , in a specific field , who also has a wide knowledge of the subject matter . 2
A common example of this would be a person contracting a hit man , or a hired killer . 2
By 1600 , rockets were being used in various parts of Europe against cavalry . 2
These five countries are directly qualified for the final . 2
Like most rattlesnakes they live on land , and are not good climbers . 2
Generating accurate true-color images from Mars 's surface is surprisingly complicated . 2
The basic unit of an element is called an atom . 2
NK cells are cytotoxic ; small granules in their cytoplasm contain proteins such as perforin and proteases known as granzymes . 3
The most apparent type of aggression is that seen in the interaction between a predator and its prey . 2
The fourth generation iPad shipped with iOS 6.1 . 2
The main range was three storeys high , 42.4 m by 5.5 m . Each floor was used for doubling - and there were 306 doubling machines . 2
Reynolds was a Professor of English for 44 years . 1
Since the 1980s , the political groups of the parliamentary right joined forces around the values of economic liberalism and the building of Europe . 3
Within the modern synthesis of the early 20th century , macroevolution is thought of as the compounded effects of microevolution . 3
Debian packages are standard Unix ar archives that include two gzipped or bzipped tar archives : one that holds the control information and another that contains the data . 3
Many things can play a part in a player 's success in arm wrestling . 2
Radiation therapy is commonly applied to the cancerous tumor because of its ability to control cell growth . 2
In the past , non-photosynthetic plants were thought to get food by breaking down organic matter like fungi do . 2
After several decades of prosperity , it entered a period of protracted political , military and economic decline . 2
Historically there have also been negative consequences , mostly associated with the dams normally required for power production . 3
The novel received favorable reviews in several major newspapers . 2
Derwentwater is very scenic . 2
Fingering is generally considered safe sex as long as there are no open wounds on the fingers . 2
The architecture of a digital signal processor is optimized specifically for digital signal processing . 2
There are four games in the series 1
A description of any thermodynamic system employs the four laws of thermodynamics that form an axiomatic basis . 3
At the end of the wash cycle , the machine starts a rinse cycle where the garment load is rinsed with freshly distilled solvent dispensed from the solvent tank . 3
Seaweeds are also harvested or cultivated for the extraction of alginate , agar and carrageenan , gelatinous substances collectively known as hydrocolloids or phycocolloids . 3
The town has four doctors and one pharmacy . 1
There is a debate about nuclear power . 2
The cuisine of Cambodia contains tropical fruits , soups and noodles . 2
For discrete rings to persist , something must confine them . 3
This changed how dinosaurs are depicted by both professional dinosaur illustrators , and in the public eye . 2
Each goal had specific targets , and dates for achieving those targets . 2
The burden of proof is always on the person who brings a claim in a dispute . 2
The aerodrome continues to perform an important role in emergency services operation , civil operation , flight training and as accommodation for many community groups and organisations . 3
There are several common methods used to enlarge piercings , of various origins and appropriate for different circumstances . 3
In ancient times , regnal years were counted from the year a new monarch took the throne . 3
Boats may be sailed using a jib alone , but more commonly jibs make a minor direct contribution to propulsion compared to a main sail . 2
The only time a flying lizard comes to the ground is when a female is ready to lay her eggs . 2
In most developed countries , the law requires that ingredients be listed according to their relative weight in the product . 2
Costa Rica has developed high education levels . 2
Masks of dead people are a tradition in many countries . 2
Poodles have been used as working dogs in the military since at least the 17th century . 2
With the end of the war , Jack returns home to a hero 's welcome . 2
The Dr. I was used only in small numbers and it had many problems . 2
In December 2003 , the main building was closed for repair . 2
Event cache : Meeting organized and attended by geocachers . 3
Some types of chemotherapy are gonadotoxic and may cause infertility . 3
For increased efficiency the sectors should be serviced in order of proximity to the current head position , not the order received . 2
The upperside of the wings is black . 2
Some of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or a lot of property damage , usually because of flooding created by rain . 2
Noodles are usually cooked in boiling water , sometimes with cooking oil or salt added . 2
Many species of large predatory fish also school , including many highly migratory fish , such as tuna and some oceangoing sharks . 2
Dimensional lumber is lumber that is cut to standardized width and depth , specified in inches . 2
Plasma screens are made of two sheets of glass with two gases stored between the sheets . 2
The stem is the part of the word that never changes even when morphologically inflected ; a lemma is the base form of the word . 3
Following its discovery , Cupid was given the temporary designation S / 2003 U 2 . 2
The quasar 's redshift indicates that it is located about 8 billion light years from Earth , while the lensing galaxy is at a distance of 400 million light years . 3
Wool has several qualities that distinguish it from hair or fur : it is crimped and elastic . 3
The main objects of study in algebraic geometry are algebraic varieties , which are geometric manifestations of sets of solutions of systems of polynomial equations . 3
Tuckwell left the orchestra in 1968 and spent the rest of his career performing as a soloist and conductor . 2
The library has a chess room that houses a wide range of materials dedicated to the history , study and practice of chess . 2
Some specific ministries / department are not allocated to anyone in the cabinet but the Prime Minister themself . 2
Certain people travel to other countries to have sex with children , which is forbidden where they live . 2
The line was abandoned in 1980 . 2
The position of the hymenium is traditionally the first characteristic used in the classification and identification of mushrooms . 3
Counting the number of ASL speakers is difficult because ASL users have never been counted by the American census . 2
The idiom is not uniquely English . 2
Most mambas are arboreal , meaning they live in trees . 2
The judges have a 12 - year term , but they must retire when reaching the age of 68 . 2
Mudrocks make up half of the sedimentary rocks in the geologic record , and are easily the most widespread deposits on Earth . 3
The next few decades were of rapid growth and expansion in the territories controlled by the English . 2
Today twelve volumes including more than 4170 items and more than 4000 illustrations and photographs can be retrieved by the user . 2
Construction began in AD 142 at the order of Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius , and took about 12 years to complete . 2
Ventricular fibrillation is a medical emergency . 3
Sexual reproduction first appeared about a billion years ago . 2
It is still unclear what causes gestational diabetes . 3
The serfs also had to pay taxes and fees . 2
The stone may be displayed on a wooden base that has been carved specifically for the stone . 2
The throwback uniforms would have an impact on future seasons in the NHL , as several teams adopted throwbacks as alternate jerseys . 2
The design claim is often challenged as an argument from ignorance , since it is often unexplained or unsupported , or explained by unscientific conjecture . 3
The adversarial system is the two -sided structure under which criminal trial courts operate , putting the prosecution against the defense . 3
After New Zealand ended its provinces in 1876 , they began using a county system as in other countries . 2
An example of this would be an assassin killing for money . 2
The first season premiered on 1 November 2015 and ended on 5 June 2016 after 62 episodes . 2
Given the above , one view of the progression of the accounting and finance career path is that financial accounting is a stepping stone to management accounting . 2
Resistance to the Japanese occupation continued in the Philippines . 2
The crustal portions of oceanic tectonic plates are composed mostly of basalt , produced from upwelling mantle below mid-ocean ridges . 3
Alternating current generating systems were known in simple forms from the discovery of the magnetic induction of electric current in the 1830s . 2
Demi-pointe shoes are most often used to train dancers who are new to pointe technique . 3
By the 40s AD , the political situation in Britain was apparently in some chaos . 2
Hovey died on 6 January 2015 at the age of 82 . 1
Mania can also be caused by physical trauma or illness . 2
Dredge nets have a coarse mesh in order to let organisms smaller than the target species through . 2
As of , there are four living former second ladies , as identified below . 2
Because it requires breaking the skin barrier , tattooing carries health risks including infection and allergic reactions . 2
For most sports the athletes wear a combination of different items of clothing , e. g. sport shoes , pants and shirts . 2
The eleven municipalities have special status equal to the raions . 2
This genere , the offspring of the contradanza , was also danced in lines or squares . 3
Stratigraphic contour lines may be used to illustrate the surface of a selected stratum illustrating the subsurface topographic trends of the strata . 3
Seals were used in very early civilizations . 2
Only 25 % of people who experience seizures or status epilepticus have epilepsy . 3
Flower died on 2 October 2014 , after a brief illness . 1
Plasma screens are made out of glass , which may result in glare on the screen from nearby light sources . 2
Architecture is the art and science behind building and sculpture design . 2
The amount of propellant can be measured either in units of mass or weight . 2
The uptempo song 's lyrics are a plea from the singer to her lover not to end their relationship . 2
The shape of the cabling layout used to link devices is called the physical topology of the network . 2
In modern practice , the bow is almost always held in the right hand while the left is used for fingering . 2
The pelican eel 's most notable feature is its large mouth , which is much larger than its body . 2
From the perspective of the anti-nuclear movement , most of the problems with nuclear power today are much the same as in the 1970s . 2
In the Tang dynasty , a set of four important qualities for the rocks were recognized . 2
The second phase of the project was refused planning consent in 2014 due to possible impacts on sea birds . 2
In 2009 , there were 61 000 members in 700 congregations . 2
There are two versions that are often performed : a long one and a short one . 2
After 1998 , he began suffering from both weight - control problems and injuries . 2
The song has been covered by number of artists . 1
The neognaths have fused metacarpals , an elongate third finger , and 13 or fewer vertebrae . 3
Seaweed is under consideration as a potential source of bioethanol . 2
Congenital syphilis is spread from a mother to her fetus during pregnancy or childbirth . 3
In addition , the torquoselectivity in an electrocyclic reaction refers to the direction of rotation . 3
The town holds a festival in May . 1
All the seven seasons of the series are available on DVDs for regions 1 and region 2 . 2
The same definition is sometimes used for functions that take real or integer values . 2
All seven seasons of the series are available on individual DVD box sets for Regions 1 , 2 and 4 . 2
From the beginning , graphic designs were used to tell different teams apart . 2
The caste system of insects enables eusociality , the division of labor between non-breeding and breeding individuals . 3
The metatarsal bones are often broken by soccer players . 2
This lets the photographer control the amount of light reaching the film or image sensor . 2
It showed that 5,308,483 people were living in the United States . 1
Ammonium nitrate is not hazardous to health and is usually used in fertilizer products . 3
The spines are long and sharp in some species , and protect the urchin from predators . 2
The greatest depth was reached in 1989 . 2
Outside politics he graduated as cand . jur . 2
The two teams had never met before . 1
Critical to the science , trees from the same region tend to develop the same patterns of ring widths for a given period of chronological study . 3
The piezoelectric effect is generally stronger in materials that also show pyroelectricity , and all pyroelectric materials are also piezoelectric . 3
Animals usually clean their fur , feathers or other skin coverings . 2
If a person still has a pulse , ventricular tachycardia can usually be stopped through cardioversion . 3
White 's fiction employs humor , florid prose , shifting narrative vantage points and a stream of consciousness technique . 3
Thermodynamic power cycles are the basis for the operation of heat engines , which supply most of the world 's electric power and run the vast majority of motor vehicles . 3
When someone dies , they are sent to one of many bars run by bartenders . 2
Between 1918 and 1940 the center of the city undertook large renovation work . 2
Jewelry may be made from a wide range of materials . 2
The green tree frog is one of the most popular pet frogs in the world . 2
Burns died on 25 May 2019 , at the age of 99 . 1
Many of the recurring characters of the series have received traits based on the respective element . 2
A wrestler simply hits the opponent with a chair . 2
Most complex natural products are chiral , and the bioactivity of chiral molecules varies with the enantiomer . 3
In 1915 , during South West Africa Campaign of World War I , South Africa captured the German colony . 2
The two quantifiers most widely used are the universal quantifier and the existence quantifier . 2
The speech lasted 43 minutes and 2 seconds and had 4931 words . 1
Researchers studying the opsin genes responsible for color-vision pigments have long known that four photopigment opsins exist in birds , reptiles and teleost fish . 3
The whole council is responsible for leading the federal administration of Switzerland , but each Councilor runs one of the seven federal ministries . 2
The male then leads the female to potential nest sites , and the female will choose one . 2
Japan was the first country to build railway lines for high speed travel . 2
The election used a supplementary vote system , in which voters express a first and a second preference of candidates . 2
The movie received mixed reviews . 1
Aquifers may occur at various depths . 2
Embedded systems often reside in machines that are expected to run continuously for years without errors , and in some cases recover by themselves if an error occurs . 2
They are equipped with mobile units discovered , such as jeeps or convertibles , thanks to which they can quickly reach the required events . 3
In computational linguistics , a stem is the part of the word that never changes even when different forms of the word are used . 2
Upon its release in 1975 , critical response was mixed , although the box office receipts were strong . 2
Wet chemistry commonly uses laboratory glassware such as beakers and graduated cylinders to prevent materials from being contaminated or interfered with by unintended sources . 2
Monsters will talk with players during the battles , and the game will tell the players what the monster 's feelings and actions are . 2
A hydraulis is an early type of pipe organ that operated by converting the dynamic energy of water into air pressure to drive the pipes . 3
Bangladesh is used as a transit route for narcotics produced in neighboring countries . 3
As part of the British Empire , Canada immediately was at war in 1914 . 2
Despite its size , the whale shark does not pose any danger to humans . 2
Based on the sizes of the satellites , the original asteroid may have been about 28 km in diameter . 2
Muscadine berries are bronze to dark purple to black in color when ripe . 3
Gravitational lensing studies of the Bullet cluster are claimed to provide the best evidence to date for the existence of dark matter . 3
The high wages and abundance of available land seen in the late 15th century and early 16th century were replaced with low wages and a land shortage . 2
Limp vellum or limp - parchment bindings were used frequently in the 16th and 17th centuries , and were sometimes gilt but were also often not embellished . 3
The increasing use of carbon fiber composites is displacing aluminum from aerospace applications in favor of other metals . 3
Unlike other races , the trophy is in the form of a grandfather clock , which has been a tradition since 1964 . 2
The National Parks Act of 1980 was established in order to codify the purpose , governance and selection of national parks . 2
Another unique waterpark feature is ice skating . 2
The electrons and the positive ions in the metal have a strong attractive force between them . 2
The third tunnel was discovered on 17 October 1978 . 2
Details of the storylines can be found in the articles on each music drama . 2
There were 26 total reigns and 1 vacancy . 2
In organic synthesis , an important dyotropic reaction is the conversion of 4 - substituted - gamma-lactones to butyrolactones . 3
Pathogens are disease-causing organisms including bacteria , fungi , and viruses . 3
There is marked sexual dimorphism in this species . 3
Following its discovery , Cupid was given the designation S / 2003 U 2 . 2
Puar died after a short illness on 1 January 2015 , aged 83 . 1
Detectors designed for modern accelerators are very big . 2
Non-financial capital accumulation is an essential factor for economic growth , since additional investment is essential to enlarge the scale of production and increase employment opportunities . 3
No firm dates can be assigned to this Emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 485 to 487 . 2
In the United States , the overall cost of getting cochlear implants was about $ 100,000 as of 2017 . 2
Basophils contain large cytoplasmic granules which obscure the cell nucleus under the microscope when stained . 3
Summer activities such as concerts and boxing matches often tear up the pitch . 2
Eucalypts draw a very large amount of water from the soil . 2
The atom is the basic unit of chemistry . 2
Thrust and specific impulse should not be confused . 2
These plants are very simple : They lack an obvious stem or leaves . 2
The city had to force owners to sell the properties to obtain the land for the park , and won the case in 1895 . 2
Parts of the street are often closed for events , such as an yearly street party . 2
On 10 May 1940 , German troops started to attack the Netherlands . 2
Fourth , Religious groups were not agreeing during the second half of the 16th century . 2
This lake is considered healing and is appreciated by some local people . 2
The group sings the theme music for the following anime . 2
Amateur radio operators use various modes of transmission to communicate . 2
Historically , many rhizarians were considered animals because of their motility and heterotrophy . 3
Late in life he suffered from depression and madness . 2
He was a candidate for President of Ireland in the October 2011 election . 1
Call and response singing is common in modern Western popular music . 2
The shield itself consists of many components . 2
The health risks associated with nuclear materials have also featured prominently in Australian anti-nuclear campaigns . 2
The proposition that the death penalty was not always cruel and unusual punishment was just the beginning of the discussion . 3
During World War I , the strait was of strategic importance . 2
Herbivores are dependent on plants for food , and have evolved mechanisms to obtain this food despite the evolution of a diverse arsenal of plant defenses . 3
The lesser roadrunner is an omnivore , meaning it eats both meat and plants . 3
Chlorophyll is vital for photosynthesis , which allows plants to absorb energy from light . 3
The term may refer to spoken English , and it can also describe written English . 2
Alekhine is known for his fierce and imaginative attacking style , combined with great positional and endgame skill . 3
Shortage of rain during the highly variable Monsoon season can cause droughts in U. P. leading to severe loss to man and property . 2
A total of 44 nations were represented at the 1924 Games . 2
The designers analyzed IDEA to measure its strength against differential cryptanalysis and concluded that it is immune under certain assumptions . 3
This species stings in response to being stepped on or grabbed , but generally avoids conflict . 2
In modern times , 70 % to 90 % of the waters is used for human purposes and the flow is much smaller . 2
The particle in a one-dimensional potential energy box is the most mathematically simple example where restraints lead to the quantization of energy levels . 3
Upgrading works has begun since early 2016 , beginning with train set 217 / 218 . 2
More grab poles were also added . 2
During May , there were 326 tornadoes confirmed in the United States . 2
As a job , medical illustration has a more recent history . 2
A design competition in 1927 did not produce a winning entry . 2
The first movement is written in sonata form . 2
Before a baby is born , the epithelium and underlying mesenchy ma interact to form hair follicles . 3
The method works best if neither the parent nuclide nor the daughter product enters or leaves the material after its formation . 2
The tickets may have to be shown or checked automatically at the station platform or when boarding , or during the ride by a conductor . 2
Horse - drawn for-hire hackney carriage services began operating in both Paris and London in the early 17th century . 3
Harvestmen are ancient arachnids . 3
Many consumers are concerned about possible health effects of sugar substitutes and caffeine overuse . 2
The coloration is yellowish - brown with several irregularly distributed dark spots on the rear half . 2
A considerable part of the area is irrigated . 2
Soba is typically eaten with chopsticks , and in Japan , it is considered acceptable to slurp the noodles noisily . 2
As well as industrial uses , maritime pine is also a popular ornamental tree , planted in parks and gardens in areas with warm temperate climates . 2
The garrison consisted of infantry or cavalry auxilia , not components of Roman legions . 3
This division is also detectable in the service area of these kinds of products . 2
Most dolmen constructions were built using stone slabs of big dimensions . 2
During the early settlement of Australia by Europeans , the notion became commonly held that the bunyip was an unknown animal that awaited discovery . 2
Summers can be warm and dry for extended periods creating ideal fire weather conditions . 2
On each typical episode , a celebrity guest came on the show with a secret . 2
Tuning forks are also used in alternative medicine , such as sonopuncture and polarity therapy . 3
This site counts the last 15,000 page views from each of approximately 80,000 websites . 2
Virenque was criticized by the media and satirists for his denial in the face of increasing evidence and his pretence of having been doped without his knowledge . 2
Metamorphic minerals are those that form only at the high temperatures and pressures of metamorphism . 3
In males , relaxin enhances motility of sperm in semen . 3
Containerization has its origins in early coal mining regions in England beginning in the late 18th century . 3
There is a large variety of colleges in the SUNY system with some overlap in specialties between sites . 2
In the very late 1960s , people started inventing procedural languages . 2
Sound waves traveling through the ear canal will hit the tympanum , or eardrum . 3
A new tournament was started the following week . 2
After being socialized in a human home as infants , the monkeys undergo extensive training before being placed with an individual needing assistance . 2
Schinkel , however , is famous as well for his theoretical work and his architectural drafts . 3
A full-time etiquette coach was hired . 2
Following the key signature is the time signature . 2
The lake has a good variety of fishes , and is a popular tourist attraction for fishing . 2
There are 10 genera and 24 species of erinaceid . 3
The evidence that preventive antibiotics decrease urinary tract infections in children is poor . 3
Sit -skis are for wheelchair users or other skiers who have paraplegia . 2
For materials that can withstand heat , chemists often use high temperature methods . 2
If quarterbacks do n't like the formation the defense is using , they may use an audible . 2
In modern football , the terms winger or wide player refer to a non-defender who plays on the left or right sides of the pitch . 2
Glucocorticoids are part of the feedback mechanism in the immune system which reduces certain aspects of immune function , such as inflammation . 3
117 species are currently assigned to this genus . 2
Public attitudes and the actions of key stakeholders can play a crucial role in realizing the potential of sustainable biofuels . 2
It is possible to save a conversation to read later or look at again . 2
The total area of the islets is about 187,450 square meters . 2
People believe the dessert was made to celebrate one of the dancer 's tours to Australia and New Zealand in the 1920s . 2
With their long velar filaments deployed , Vampire Squid have been observed drifting along in the deep , black ocean currents . 2
Unlike the US , countries in Europe impose substantial taxes on fuels such as gasoline . 2
Zero-fare services may be funded by national , regional or local government through taxation or by commercial sponsorship by businesses . 3
Some people actually consider masturbation as a cardiovascular workout . 3
Rounders is a bat and ball game which is played in Ireland ; a similar version is played in England . 2
Despite attempts at reconstruction , approximately 50 % of the papyrus remains missing . 2
Pazos died on 24 May 2019 , at the age of 89 . 1
The number of strings on the rebec varies from 1 to 5 , although three is the most common number . 2
Much of the plumbing work in populated areas is regulated by government or quasi-government agencies due to the direct impact on the public 's health , safety , and welfare . 3
The county covers an area of 2004.44 km2 . 2
The conference happens every year from December 28 to January 1 . 2
Chinese rock and roll 's peak popularity was between 1990 and 1993 . 2
Throughout the campus , numerous fountains provide white noise as a background . 2
After World War II many of the poorer Germans had to go and live in Germany . 2
In Ancient Egyptian mythology , the deity Khnum was said to have formed the first humans on a potter 's wheel . 3
The third rail is usually located outside the two running rails , but on some systems it is mounted between them . 2
Film Critics Circle of Australia Awards 2
As of 2010 , the municipality had a total population of 11,457 , down from 11,727 as of 2005 . 2
Modern instruments classified as bugles are often valved . 2
One of the most famous traditions is leaving a tooth under a pillow for the tooth fairy . 2
Many fish change sex over the course of their lifespan , a phenomenon called sequential hermaphroditism . 3
Zinc chloride irritates skin and the respiratory tract . 3
Swine influenza virus is common throughout pig populations worldwide . 2
The common toad usually moves by walking rather slowly or in short shuffling jumps involving all four legs . 2
Rise Up takes place every year from December 28 to January 1 . 1
At about 11 : 31 AM MST , the track of both airplanes intersected over the canyon , and they hit each other . 2
Unlike lepidosaurian reptiles , pelycosaurs lacked epidermal scales . 3
Haematoxylin and eosin staining is often used in histology for thin sections of tissue . 3
One effect of the drought was widespread desertification . 3
The primary goal of instrument analysis is to measure an amount of substance . 2
The leading cause of coral bleaching is rising water temperatures . 2
Each time a cell undergoes mitosis , the telomeres on the ends of each chromosome shorten slightly . 3
The port of the mosque measures 27 m high , crowned with two minarets 42 m tall . 2
Nahuatl has been spoken in central Mexico since at least the seventh century CE . 2
Sportspeople may be professionals or amateurs . 2
The nyala is mainly active in the early morning and the late afternoon . 2
Bald eagles become adults when they are four or five years old . 2
Many of the physical properties of alkenes and alkanes are similar : they are colorless , nonpolar , and combustable . 3
It was built between 2003 and 2006 out of formerly barren lands . 2
Arachnids pour digestive juices produced in their stomachs over their prey after killing it with their pedipalps and chelicerae . 3
The bat used by the batter can be made of wood , aluminum , or composite materials such as carbon fiber . 3
Detectors designed for modern accelerators are huge , both in size and in cost . 2
The salt - water lake has a length , from northwest to southeast , of 22 km . 2
The three types of endorphins that exist are made through the fragmentation of precursor proteins . 3
Management accountants have a dual reporting relationship . 2
Rainbands ahead of warm occluded fronts and warm fronts have little upward motion . 2
After mating , the male shows the female all the potential nest sites , and lets the female choose one and build the nest . 2
Secondary injuries are caused by fragmentation and other objects propelled by the explosion . 3
In some organisms , especially vertebrates , the various Hox genes are situated very close to one another on the chromosome in groups or clusters . 3
This species probably lived near a freshwater lake , probably hunting for other small creatures that lived in the same habitat . 2
It was never intended as a teaching tool . 2
Widespread private concerns have led to a number of folklore sayings and popular culture reflections related to penis size . 3
A proto-oncogene is a normal gene that could become an oncogene due to mutations or increased expression . 3
2001 Heisei Ultraman Side Stories 1
Eros was one of the first asteroids visited by a spacecraft , the first one orbited , and the first one soft-landed on . 3
The pitching distance can range between 35 and 43 feet . 2
Pesticides are used to control organisms that are considered to be harmful . 2
Problems continued for the revised section . 2
Chopsticks are used in many parts of the world . 2
A nail is homologous to a claw but is flatter and has a curved edge instead of a point . 3
One barrier to achieving higher performance through instruction - level parallelism stems from pipeline stalls and flushes due to branches . 3
Publicly accessible , it is known for its inviting jungle gym-like characteristics . 2
A new worker spends the first few days of its adult life caring for the queen and young . 2
Colchicine is an alternative treatment for people that are unable to tolerate NSAIDs . 3
There is no connection between the shape of a bacterium and its colors in the gram staining . 3
The position of President was created in 1839 . 2
However , the choice of instruction set architecture may greatly affect the complexity of implementing high - performance devices . 2
As of 2008 , the city has an estimated population of 197,437 and the density of 1,010 people per km2 . 2
This situation almost happened again in 2004 . 2
The province is a popular tourist destination with its beaches and resorts . 2
Not only did the division into nomes remain in place for more than three millennia , the areas of the individual nomes and their ordering remained remarkably stable . 3
All organisms studied contain many RNases of many different sorts . 2
Shiprock is composed of fractured volcanic breccia and black dikes of igneous rock called minette , or lamprophyre . 3
The symptoms of diphtheria usually begin two to seven days after infection . 3
Potassium fluoride is somewhat toxic . 3
The game received mixed reviews by critics and gamers alike . 2
Genets are highly agile , have quick reflexes and exceptional climbing skills . 2
He started his acting career in the late 1990s , appearing in a number of off -Broadway stage productions . 1
The first written record of Britain and its inhabitants was by the Greek navigator Pytheas , who explored the coastal region of Britain around 325 BC . 2
Archeological evidence shows settlement in the area since 2000 BC . 2
His works are numerous . 2
Eleven people were killed , including three on the ground level and four in the synagogue 's basement . 3
Music was an early part of Christmas and its celebrations . 2
Mab is heavily perturbed , meaning its movement is not only caused by the gravity of another large thing . 3
Weissmuller was one of the world 's fastest swimmers in the 1920s , winning five Olympic gold medals for swimming and one bronze medal for water polo . 3
Slackware is known as a highly customizable distribution that stresses ease of maintenance and reliability over cutting -edge software and automated tools . 3
Scotland is the joint oldest national football team in the world , alongside England , whom they played in the world 's first international football match in 1872 . 2
Randers argues the global gross domestic product will fail to increase as it has in the past because of population decline , and general aging and declining productivity growth . 2
The telescope is unique because it will use seven mirror sections , each 8.4 m in diameter . 2
Because oxygen is more electronegative than carbon , carbonyl compounds often have resonance structures which affect their reactivity . 3
Similarities in his musical style with the earlier works of Mozart have often been noted . 2
Magnesium is the eleventh most abundant element by mass in the human body and is essential to all cells and some 300 enzymes . 3
The album was a success in the United States . 1
In an extension of his ionic theory Arrhenius proposed definitions for acids and bases , in 1884 . 2
Tardigrades are able to live in environments that would kill most animals . 3
Disulfur decafluoride is a colorless gas or liquid with a SO - like odor . 3
Carluccio died on 8 November 2017 from complications of a fall in London at the age of 80 . 2
Frequently two types of sports competition are played in this rural community , volleyball and cricket . 2
His age at death has been estimated from 7 years six months to as old as 15 years . 2
The court has ruled that the $ 2.7 billion in school funding was not good enough and was given out unfairly . 2
Transliteration is the letter-for-letter representation of text using a Latin writing system . 2
The sea contains a number of reefs , uninhabited islands and significant hydrocarbon reserves . 2
In 2001 , the local community published its own findings about the forest 's sustainable management . 2
As well as the version played on television , there was another , more graphic version created . 2
The most common chicken and waffle pairing comes from the American soul food tradition and uses fried chicken . 2
This version of the coat of arms is in use since 1907 . 2
A special Christmas family meal is traditionally an important part of the holiday 's celebration , and the food that is served varies greatly from country to country . 2
Monsters will talk to the player during the battle , and the game will tell the players what the monster 's feelings and actions are . 2
To illustrate the computation , suppose a coach trains long-distance runners for one month using two methods . 2
In 2009 , the club decided to become an alliance club starting in 2010 . 2
This is thought to be one of the most important battles for the control of the Indian subcontinent by the colonial powers . 2
Nowadays , long distance relays have become increasingly popular with runners of all skill -levels . 2
Currently there are 30 volumes available on the database , including more than 11,000 items and more than 11,000 illustrations and photographs . 2
The device is a white screen with a multitude of little holes on all its surface . 2
Like scallops , true oysters have a central adductor muscle . 2
As of 2016 , Tanzania is divided into thirty - one regions . 2
An average adult American alligator weighs 360 kg and is 4.0 m long . 2
Pius V died on 1 May 1572 . 1
If two parties wish to exchange encrypted messages , each needs to know how to decrypt received messages and to encrypt sent messages . 3
Starting from that initial magnetic field strength , the magnetic field is then increased . 2
Before the station was built , it was named Museum . 2
On 3 July 2006 , the table tennis section applied for bankruptcy and the table tennis section was disestablished . 2
The most common transmitter is glutamate , which is excitatory at well over 90 % of the synapses in the human brain . 3
Rivette died at his home in Paris , France from complications of Alzheimer 's disease on 29 January 2016 at the age of 87 . 2
The silky pocket mice are small animals with soft fur , long tails , and small feet compared to other heteromyids . 3
A linear chain of amino acid residues is called a polypeptide . 3
Worldwide production of apples in 2013 was 90.8 million tonnes . 1
One common theory as to how handedness affects the hemispheres is the brain hemisphere division of labor . 3
In 1863 , there was a design contest for a new building for the Rijksmuseum , but none of the submissions was considered to be of sufficient quality . 3
Two ballets caused great excitement in Paris in the 1830s . 2
In the Gregorian calendar , 303 of every 400 years are common years . 2
The competition at this phase is organized by the county football associations . 2
Type designers have called oblique as less organic and calligraphic than italics . 3
The accipitrine hawks generally hunt birds as their primary prey . 3
The first step involves light opening the ring of 7 - dehydrocholesterol to form pre vitamin D3 . 3
In following years a number of books presented by foreign publishers have been seized by Egyptian authorities . 2
Bertorelli died on 26 May 2017 , at the age of 69 , after a long illness . 2
Three types of flagella have so far been distinguished : bacterial , archaeal , and eukaryotic . 3
The passage was relatively fast , but the mortality rate was the highest in the history of transportation to Australia . 2
Maria first was a pioneering housewife and mother . 2
Some psychologists suggest irregularities of the English names of numerals may hinder children 's counting ability . 3
A concert tour is a series of concerts by an artist or group of artists in different cities or locations . 2
By the twentieth century , modern bookbinding materials prevented much of the damage done to books by book -boring insects . 2
Because of the increased demand and the restrictions on exports of the metals from China , some countries are stockpiling rare earth resources . 2
The park holds 104 species of plants . 2
Slowpitch pitching distance is 50 feet for both male and female players . 2
No firm dates can be assigned to this Emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 406 CE to 410 CE . 2
It is the science of the endocrine system and hormones in a wide range of animals . 2
Pincers , often red-hot , have also been used as an instrument of torture since ancient Roman times or earlier . 2
The trap contains a fluid of the plant 's own production , which may be watery or syrupy , and is used to drown the prey . 2
A satellite terminal is a building detached from other airport buildings , so that aircraft can park around its entire circumference . 2
On the 29 August 2010 trail bike riders discovered another human skeleton in the forest . 2
Recent research shows that the hotspot itself may have moved with time . 2
Below are examples of a typical netsplit . 2
The weapon 's barrel is screwed into the receiver and is not quickly detachable . 2
Its economy consists mainly of mining , agriculture and fishing . 2
Potassium nitrate can be made by combining ammonium nitrate and potassium hydroxide . 3
In Sweden , the phenomenon was booming by the mid and late 1980s . 2
Matos died on 8 June 2019 . 1
The laws of physics can be used to understand how a bullet moves after it leaves the barrel . 2
To hunt fish , the eagle swoops down over the water and snatches the fish out of the water with its talons . 2
Resonant loop antennas are relatively large , governed by the intended wavelength of operation . 3
As of April 28 , 2013 , the online multiplayer servers have been shut down . 2
Although concentrated in London , the outbreak affected other areas of the country as well . 2
A single- tasking system can only run one program at a time , while a multi-tasking operating system allows more than one program to be running in concurrency . 2
Until the mid-19th century , Mexico was the chief producer of vanilla . 2
An attack where a wrestler will strike an opponent using the knee . 2
This species may be found in a variety of open habitats and gardens . 2
All the islands are low and flat , with ridges that usually rise no more than 15 to . 2
The hard palate forms before birth . 2
The temple is famous for the approximately 25,000 black rats that live , and are revered in , the temple . 2
There were 14 surviving kittens in 2008 and 15 in 2009 . 2
Sex -linked characters controlled by genes on sex chromosomes are not the only kind of sex-related characters . 3
Some of the tools for measuring the voltage are the voltmeter and the oscilloscope . 3
On 8 July 1680 , Hooke observed the nodal patterns associated with the modes of vibration of glass plates . 2
As the Tenaru battle was ending , more Japanese troops were already on their way . 2
On envelopes and postcards there are often four square boxes printed in orange ink at the bottom right for the postcode numbers . 2
The election results in 2009 means the party still qualifies for some government funding of campaign finance . 2
The country has a total area of , of which 27,560 km2 is land and 190 km2 is water . 2
Education is free and compulsory from ages 6 to 12 . 2
Emergencies often require delivery of different versions of the same communication at the same time . 2
The second half of glycolysis is known as the 'pay - off phase ' , by the net gain of the energy - rich molecules ATP and NADH . 3
The yellow- bellied glider inhabits forests and woodlands in eastern Australia and is found at a range of altitudes from sea level to 1400 metres . 3
Title V includes technical provisions . 2
The 1880 census determined the resident population of the United States to be 50,189,209 , an increase of 30.2 percent over the 38,555,983 persons enumerated during the 1870 Census . 3
Mooselookmeguntic Lake is one of the longest place names in the United States . 2
Hurling is a stick and ball game played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with H-shaped goals at each end . 3
Pathogenic micro-organisms include bacteria , fungi , and viruses . 3
The top two placed teams from each of the eight groups will qualify for the knockout stage . 2
White 's fiction uses humor , ornate prose , shifting narrative vantage points and a stream of consciousness technique . 3
European perch lives in water which contains no salt or very little salt . 2
Some skyscrapers feature rooftop heliports or helistops to serve the transport needs of executives or clients . 2
Environmental chemistry involves first understanding how the uncontaminated environment works , which chemicals in what concentrations are present naturally , and with what effects . 2
They do not hibernate , but can enter torpor . 3
During the 20th century the concept of pteridosperms was expanded to include various Mesozoic groups of seed plants with fern-like fronds , such as the Corystospermaceae . 3
Potassium chromate is a carcinogen and strong oxidant . 3
For nearly a decade his work was directed mainly to the relationship of man to the apes . 2
In countries where the weather is cold , underwear is one more layer of clothing that helps the wearer to keep warm . 2
Failure rates are important factors in insurance , business , and regulation practices as well as fundamental to design of safe systems throughout a national or international economy . 2
Mummies of humans and other animals have been found on every continent , but as a result of natural preservation through unusual conditions , and as cultural artifacts . 3
The municipality key consists of eight digits , which are generated as follows : The first two numbers designate the individual German state . 2
Additionally , louvers are used as semi-passive means of thermal control on spacecraft . 3
Inflationary models are also discussed in this chapter , and so is the idea of a theory that unifies quantum mechanics and gravity . 3
Sica died of a heart attack in Rome on 5 December 2014 , aged 65 . 1
Another view is that the name was an insult . 2
This was an early description of the process of geographic speciation by means of the founder effect . 2
Over 250 different species of looli marine life are found in the 300000 acre of lagoon and surrounding waters . 2
A total of 44 nations sent athletes to compete at the Paris games . 2
He eventually had to relinquish painting because failing eyesight meant that he could not achieve the quality that he wanted . 3
Punching bags have been used in martial arts for as long as there has been a written history of military training . 2
The islands are a popular destination for tourists . 2
Today , the village and base 's combined population numbers approximately 5,400 . 2
Windfeld died in February 2015 after a short illness . 1
The songs tell personal stories of life in the wide open country of Australia . 1
Cofactors which are complex organic molecules are often called coenzymes . 3
Each female fly can lay about 9,000 eggs in its life , in several batches of about 75 to 150 . 2
Potassium iodate is used to add iodine to salt . 3
The forces between the atoms in a solid can take many forms . 2
Filming was scheduled to last 138 days . 2
In May 1863 , the inspector-general had directed the police to act on their own initiative . 2
The sources of magnetic moments in materials can be represented by poles in analogy to electrostatics . 3
In 1910 eucalypts were introduced to Brazil for timber substitution and the charcoal industry . 3
Despite their extreme luminosity , many of these stars are nevertheless too distant to be observed with the naked eye . 3
The club also played floorball during the 1980s . 1
A propulsion system with a higher specific impulse uses the mass of the propellant more efficiently . 3
Many people argue about what makes up the mind . 2
Cork led 1 - 9 to 1 - 6 at half -time , but went on to rue missed chances . 2
The use of complementary colors is an important aspect of aesthetically pleasing art and graphic design . 3
Since it became widespread in the 19th century , cholera has killed tens of millions of people . 2
They do not hibernate , but are capable of entering torpor . 3
Usually , such drives will be stamped with a company 's logo , as a form of advertising . 2
Shuttles were originally passed back and forth by hand . 2
In most developed countries , the law requires that ingredients be listed according to their weight in the product . 2
Python is a multi-paradigm programming language . 3
Hydrography 's origin lies in the making of chart like drawings and notations made by individual mariners . 3
Discord allows users to connect to their account to their Twitch . tv . 2
Many of Bad Religion 's songs are about what they think are social problems , but they do not blame causes of these problems to any single person or group . 2
In consideration for several months , a corporate foundation has been established in September 2011 . 2
For example , assume an investor had to choose between two stocks . 2
Test pilots must have an excellent knowledge of aeronautical engineering , in order to understand how and why planes are tested . 3
However , several fishermen died since the 1980s . 1
Most ants are univoltine , producing a new generation each year . 3
Pairs of wandering albatrosses mate for life and breed every two years . 3
In 1883 he was appointed general admiral . 2
The saltwater crocodile is a large reptile growing to about 5 m in length . 3
The show affects a retro-1950s look , with simple animation and colors . 2
Bisques are heavy cream soups traditionally prepared with shellfish , but can be made with any type of seafood or other base ingredients . 3
Chain- driven transfer cases use a chain to transmit power to the axles . 2
Of the total exploitation length of route 43 % or 1272 km are electrified . 3
A touchless smart card system is used for single journey tickets . 2
The trophy is in the form of a grandfather clocks . 2
The supposed small galaxy contains a relatively high percentage of red giants and is thought to contain an estimated one billion stars in all . 2
Despite these protests , the film was critically acclaimed , with praise directed towards its dialogues and the actors ' performances in particular . 2
They have mobile units , such as jeeps or convertibles , thanks to which they can quickly reach the required events . 2
Harvestmen are not dangerous to humans . 2
The classic varve archetype is a light / dark colored couplet deposited in a glacial lake . 3
Ordinarily , presidents are elected for five - year terms , with no opportunity for immediate reelection . 2
In the United States most employment in the field requires either a masters degree in statistics or a related field or a PhD . 2
There are differences between the two sets of dates . 1
Systems of linear equations form a fundamental part of linear algebra . 3
This alphabetic system operates on the additive principle in which the numeric values of the letters are added together to form the total . 2
Strategic bombing was important in World War II . 2
Unlike war crimes , crimes against humanity can be committed during peace or war . 2
The chemosynthetic bacteria grow into a thick mat which attracts other organisms such as amphipods and copepods which graze upon the bacteria directly . 3
Humans now play a top role in the biosphere , with the large amount of people in many of Earth 's ecosystems . 2
Creos is working towards the national electric vehicle objective that consists of installing 800 public charging stations for electric cars and hybrid plug- in cars across the country by 2020 . 2
The artists who produced these paintings used techniques rarely found in other cave art . 2
Muons are unstable elementary particles and are heavier than electrons and neutrinos but lighter than all other particles . 3
The tornado was estimated to have been an F4 on the Fujita scale . 2
Hydrazoic acid is volatile and highly toxic . 3
The rock python 's color pattern is whitish or yellowish with the blotched patterns varying from tan to dark brown shades . 3
After leaving the brain , the cranial nerves travel inside the skull . 2
One major function of chaperones is to prevent polypeptide chains and assembled subunits sticking together in clumps which do not function . 3
Twelve matches were contested at the event , including three matches contested on the pre-show . 2
Instructs the server to return information about the administrator of the server specified by , or the current server if target is omitted . 2
Classical ciphers are typically susceptible to known- plaintext attack . 3
All species of yew contain highly poisonous alkaloids known as taxanes . 3
Three different definitions of the rosids are in use . 2
Japan Monkey Park has different species of monkeys and other entertainment . 2
Dissipation is the process of converting mechanical energy of downward - flowing water into thermal and acoustical energy . 3
The weapon 's barrel can not be removed quickly . 2
The atoms in metals have a strong attractive force between them . 2
Some examples of large Plinian eruptions that formed calderas include the following : The lava is usually rhyolitic and has a lot of silicates . 3
He died on June 21 , 2014 from acute respiratory failure after being hospitalized with pneumonia , aged 88 . 3
Giant pandas give birth to twins in about half of pregnancies . 3
When a wrestler jumps and stamps both feet on any part of an opponent . 2
The first electronic version of the dictionary was made available in 1988 . 2
The land battle took place over about 81 days beginning on 1 April 1945 . 1
Agent 47 's appearance consisted of a pure black suit , black leather gloves , a white dress shirt and a red tie . 2
The paper also became more openly political during the time of punk . 2
The great majority of large breakers seen at a beach result from distant winds . 2
Other types of keels are swing keels and canting keels . 2
The following table lays out the dates of construction of most of the major pyramids . 2
In British English , a car of this configuration is called a saloon . 2
In 2007 , Rose suffered a stroke . 1
Knockout is accomplished through a combination of techniques . 2
Steppenwolf is an immortal with vast superhuman strength , endurance and speed , capable of lifting about one hundred tons and jumping huge distances easily . 3
White mustard seeds are hard and round , usually around 1 to 1.5 millimetres , with a color forming from beige or yellow to light brown . 2
The stockyards became the focal point of the rise of some of the earliest international companies . 2
Clocks use different ways to measure time . 1
Although the PID infection may be cured the damage from the infection may not go away . 2
Many right -wing politicians supported the proposal , meaning it would reduce unreported employment . 2
Cricket is one of the most popular sports in Bangladesh , followed by football . 1
The bombard was manufactured from longitudinal bars of iron , hooped with rings fused into one mass . 3
As of 2010 , the municipality had a total population of 819,543 , up from 758,791 as of 2005 . 2
It is synthesized by partial chlorination of elemental sulfur . 3
Fish are in danger of being eaten if they are separated from the school . 2
A table consists of an orderly arrangement of rows and columns . 2
The walls around the old town are intact as the city grew and became more modern . 2
The film received extremely negative reviews from critics . 2
Withdrawal of a military occupation is anticipated and therefore tactical but may be subject to political rather than operational variables . 3
In the 19th century , water closets started to be more common than chamber pots , but chamber pots were still used until the mid-20th century . 2
In 741 the church was destroyed in a fire . 2
Construction on a new bridge began in 1987 and opened in 1997 . 2
Following the shootings , the tower observation deck was closed . 2
The next advance was the development of procedural languages . 2
Absinthe has a natural green color but may also be colorless . 2
Fire salamanders are found in most of southern and central Europe . 2
People cannot agree if parents should appear naked in front of their children . 2
Turbine selection is based mostly on the available water head , and less so on the available flow rate . 2
Due to its comparative isolation , the peninsula is one of the remaining strongholds of the Norman language , and the local dialect is known as Cotentinais . 3
Typically unitary authorities cover towns or cities which are large enough to function independently of county or other regional administration . 2
Rocks of the Cenozoic era yield very large numbers of gastropod fossils , many of these fossils being closely related to modern living forms . 3
Today , it is the largest public research university in Bangladesh , with a student body of 33,000 and a faculty of 1,800 . 2
Different attack models are used for other cryptographic systems , or more generally for all kind of security systems . 3
There were 370 tornadoes reported in the United States in May , of which 322 were confirmed . 2
Tennis is an Olympic sport and is played at all levels of society and at all ages . 2
A second , slightly revised edition was published in 1958 . 2
This system has been considered a tropical , subtropical , or extratropical cyclone . 2
The adult plumage of most of the albatrosses is usually some variation of dark upper-wing and back with white undersides , often compared to that of a gull . 3
In the years 1219 and / or 1234 it appears as a church village . 1
However , there has been much debate over the origin and meaning of this word . 2
Gram staining differentiates bacteria by the chemical and physical properties of their cell walls . 2
Tor is an inches tall man who can not fall asleep no matter what he tries . 2
The book has remained in print since its initial publication in 1971 , and has sold over two million copies . 2
Given the above , one widely held view of the progression of the accounting and finance career path is that financial accounting is a stepping stone to management accounting . 2
Interviews with men and women escorts show gender differences in these escorts ' experiences . 2
Polyhedra may be classified and are often named according to the number of faces . 3
To make the diagnosis of a urinary tract infection in children , a positive urinary culture is required . 3
Randers argues that the global gross domestic product will fail to increase as it has in the past because of population decline , general aging and declining productivity growth . 2
Since the mid 20th century , citadels commonly enclose military command and control centers , rather than cities or strategic points of defense on the boundaries of a country . 3
Cattle have been domesticated since the neolithic era , but can survive for months or even years with little or no supervision . 3
It is most often found in pairs or small noisy flocks of up to 10 individuals , but sometimes up to 30 . 2
Shy and harmless towards humans , smalleye hammerhead sharks are fished throughout its range and is sold as food . 2
Before the age of man or beast , the immortals wage war on each other in the heavens . 2
After several months of consideration , a corporate foundation was established in September 2011 . 2
Multiple artificial sweeteners can be used to give diet soft drinks a sweet taste without sugar . 2
Special stairways include escalators and ladders . 2
Sailing skiffs are the fastest and arguably most difficult type of dinghy to sail . 3
In 2002 , there were nearly 1,500 pupils in the school , of whom fewer than 1,300 were at age 16 or below . 2
The symptoms of the common cold are believed to be primarily related to the immune response to the virus . 2
Agent 47 can take on hard tasks and perform physical tasks more efficiently than any average human . 2
It has been argued that an interstellar mission that cannot be completed within 50 years should not be started at all . 3
The Emperor died from a disease which afflicted him with sores , apparently the first royal victim of smallpox in Japan . 3
There are however many variations , and many surprising aspects . 2
Eunomia has been seen occulting stars three times . 3
In some Asian cultures , ceremonies also play an important social role , for example the tea ceremony . 2
Snow is used for some winter sport activities like skiing and sledding . 2
During the industrialization the textile industry prospered . 2
Coagulation begins almost instantly after an injury to the blood vessel has damaged the endothelium lining the blood vessel . 3
The ability to fly or glide has been suggested for at least five dromaeosaurid species . 3
Currently , the Philippines is divided into 17 regions . 1
Critics commented on the film 's misleading advertisement campaign . 2
Deep frying produces large amounts of waste oil , which must be disposed of properly . 2
Prizes are given for a number of reasons : as an honor for special persons , for exemplary behavior and to provide incentives in competitions , etc . 2
In 1997 , about 8 % of all soybeans cultivated for the commercial market in the United States were genetically modified . 2
On May 22 , 1933 , Chinese and Japanese representatives met to talk the end of the fight . 2
Dates in brackets represent the ruling dates of the Ptolemaic pharaohs . 3
AS - 90D - Modified for desert use . 2
Differential cryptanalysis attacks are usually chosen plaintext attacks , meaning that the attacker must be able to obtain encrypted ciphertexts for some set of plaintexts of his choosing . 3
Mostly songs in this album are smooth , some speed . 2
DBS for treatment resistant depression can be as effective as antidepressants , but side effects and complications need to be watched . 3
The G and PG ratings are often left out , since they are typical of normal , everyday climbing . 2
Crystallographic methods now depend on analysis of the diffraction patterns of a sample targeted by a beam of some type . 3
By the 6th millennium BC , there may have been a prehistoric religion or cult . 3
Runner Types Since 1940 , there has been a shift to production of Runner type peanuts in the southeastern U.S . 2
Though she did not fight in any large battles , her story inspired many works of art and literature . 2
Increasing market share is one of the most important objectives in business . 2
The Galapagos shark is circumtropical in distribution with a preference for waters surrounding oceanic islands . 2
Images of the god were kept in homes to protect from evil and so he was shown quite differently from the other gods . 2
With the use of aniline dyes he was able to find a structure which strongly absorbed basophilic dyes , which he named chromatin . 3
Excessive modesty is called prudishness . 3
In more recent years , many projects have attempted to bridge the gap in our knowledge caused by the Zone of Avoidance . 2
The badges for enlisted men were cut from colored cloth , while officer 's badges were privately made and of a higher quality . 2
The most basic form of rounding is to replace an arbitrary number by an integer . 3
There are many other variations on male masturbation techniques . 2
As of February 2016 , more than 1.3 million websites use Drupal . 2
There are three hostels for male students and two for the female students . 1
Concerts involving a greater number of artists , especially those that last for multiple days , are known as festivals . 2
Another common method of cooling is exposing an object to ice , dry ice , or liquid nitrogen . 3
Inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection or irritation . 2
The election was held on 27 April 1994 and went off peacefully throughout the country as 20,000,000 South Africans cast their votes . 2
Most of these positions can be used for either vaginal or anal sex . 2
Sclerophyllous plants occur in many parts of the world . 3
iOS 6.1 was released on January 28 , 2013 . 1
Black powder had a very low specific impulse . 2
At age ten she was traveling , had boyfriends and wanted to be an actress . 2
In their usual habitat , chinchillas live either in burrows , or in crevices of rocks . 2
Plants in wildfire - prone ecosystems often survive through adaptations to their local fire regime . 3
Credits taken from album notes . 2
They are also used as tree for pollinating food apple trees in apple orchards . 2
Most euglenozoa have two flagella , which are inserted parallel to one another in an apical or subapical pocket . 3
These are the newest types of exams . 1
Female stag beetles are usually smaller than the males , with smaller mandibles . 3
On 26 September 1904 , he died of heart failure at the age of 54 years . 2
The average income for a household in the city was $ 32,588 , and the average income for a family was $ 36,165 . 2
The British were slow to strike back at first . 2
Fastpitch pitching distance can be between 35 and 45 feet ; it all depends on the age of the players . 2
Algae have evolved a number of symbiotic partnerships with other organisms . 3
Many of the details of the galaxy remain a mystery , foremost of which is how it formed . 2
Coagulation begins almost instantly after an injury to the blood vessel has damaged the endothelium lining the vessel . 3
After his football career he became a successful international referee . 2
In short , a digital signal is a quantized discrete- time signal ; a discrete- time signal is a sampled analog signal . 3
The 2016 census found that 51.3 % of residents spoke English , and 21.3 % spoke French , as their first language . 2
In this attack a wrestler uses a three - point stance , then runs and clotheslines the opponent . 3
Mortars have been used for hundreds of years , originally in siege warfare . 2
The stage is empty while the music creates a thunder storm . 2
Right now , there are 62 cats for the player to collect . 1
In many cases , the splicing process creates a range of unique proteins by varying the exon composition of the same messenger RNA . 3
The central urban area forms one unit . 2
A bald eagle , the national bird of the United States , symbolizes protection in peace and war . 2
Because of its many uses , ammonia is one of the most highly produced inorganic chemicals . 2
He went into law after the war and in 1921 set up his own practice . 2
Though their shock at the slaughter was great , the Romans began a slow , systematic preparation to reconquer the country . 2
Because of the plentiful blossoms and small fruit , crabapples are popular for use in bonsai culture . 2
Bibliomania is not to be confused with bibliophilia , which is the usual love of books and is not considered a clinical psychological disorder . 3
Some sharks are oviparous , laying their eggs in the water . 3
Games can be played on indoor or outdoor fields of varying sizes . 2
Many of the Greek city - states also had a' god ' or' goddess ' associated with that city . 2
A three - hour special marking the end of the show aired on November 16 , 2008 . 2
VFDs are used for many things that range from small appliances to large mining motors and compressors . 2
Only after the death of his mother in 1663 , he really assumed power . 2
Arsenic pentafluoride is a colorless gas . 3
The coracle is an unstable craft . 2
Juvenile birds do not have the white patches on either side of the neck . 2
Different approaches to programming have developed over time , being identified as such either at the time or retrospectively . 3
Presidents are elected for five - year terms , with no opportunity for immediate reelection . 2
Carbonate mineralization occurs as coal balls . 3
On September 1 , a tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa and headed westward . 2
A number of other physical properties are linked to crystallography . 3
Names shown in bold means the airport has scheduled passenger service on commercial airlines . 2
Although most vertical - lift bridges use towers , each equipped with counterweights , some use hydraulic jacks located below the deck . 3
The statue is one of the most popular tourist destinations in Germany with over 130,000 visitors a year . 2
The median income for a household was $ 41,290 . 2
An algorithm for finding the smallest superpermutation for 6 or more symbols is as of yet unsolved . 3
Plant terpenoids are used for their aromatic qualities and play a role in traditional herbal remedies . 3
The earliest archaeological evidence for wheat seeds crushed between simple millstones to make flour dates to 6000 BC . 2
The movie was released on October 15 , 2010 . 1
Chameleons have the most distinctive eyes of any reptile . 2
Calcium is very important for the human body . 2
In angiosperms , after the pollen grain has landed on the stigma , it develops a pollen tube which grows down the style until it reaches an ovary . 3
More detail on the health of the drive may be obtained by examining the SMART Attributes . 2
Traditional wood joinery techniques use the distinctive material properties of wood , often without mechanical fasteners . 2
While these literary sources do not prove that the punishment still took place , they do provide evidence that it had not been forgotten . 2
Although businesses usually maintain some kind of fax capability , the technology has faced increasing competition from Internet - based alternatives . 2
Of all aldehydes , formaldehyde is produced on the largest scale , about . 3
The strong taste that people associate with anchovies is due to the curing process . 2
Black tea is often blended and mixed with various other plants in order to obtain a beverage . 2
Some professionals consider masturbation to function as a cardiovascular workout . 3
The earliest man-made composite materials were straw and mud combined to form bricks for building construction . 2
The following players have also been called up this season . 2
The history of law is closely connected to the development of human civilizations . 2
In many countries where FGM is common , almost every woman and girl in the country has had FGM . 2
PEC is often described in the media as a pressure group , and regularly makes public comment about language - related news stories , particularly jargon . 2
Conscious thought is not always necessary for knowledge of results to have its effect . 2
Because metals are good conductors of electricity , they are valuable in electrical appliances and for carrying an electric current over long distances with little energy loss or dissipation . 3
The following table contains a list of point groups with representative molecules . 2
Consistent with other roles in modern corporations , management accountants have a dual reporting relationship . 2
The rosids consist of 17 orders . 2
The movie got mixed reviews by critics . 2
A bailiwick is a territory administered by a Bailiff . 3
The line joins central Singapore to the north-eastern part of the island . 2
In the times of ancient Greece and Rome , handkerchiefs were often used the way they are today . 2
In the 1990s , major card issuers in the US raised the cash- back percentage up to 5 % . 2
Elephant birds have been extinct since at least the 17th century . 2
A foreign minister 's powers vary in different governments . 2
The land on which the circuit is built was originally bought in 1926 by property developers . 2
The larvae have black hairs and also eat small insects . 2
He collaborated with major scientific figures and travelers of the period on projects involving their studies . 2
The posterior pituitary is actually an extension of the hypothalamus . 3
Regional metamorphism , or dynamic metamorphism , occurs in great masses of rock . 3
Not all flowers with multiple ovaries grow into aggregate fruit ; the ovaries of some flowers do not become tightly joined together to make a larger fruit . 2
Polymorphism is common in nature . 3
The earliest anchors were probably rocks , and many rock anchors have been found dating from at least the Bronze Age . 2
Welded tuff is a pyroclastic flow of lava which was hot enough to weld together . 3
Amid heightened tension between Iran and the United States , the United States blamed Iran for the attacks . 2
Visitors typically arrive at a tram station in the arrival plaza between the administrative buildings and the museum entrance . 2
The French were the first Europeans to live in Canada permanently . 2
He was one of the world 's best swimmers in the 1920s . 1
In cases where infections are related to intercourse , taking antibiotics afterwards may be useful . 3
Huya has a moderately red-sloped reflectance spectrum in the visible and near-infrared , suggesting a surface rich in organic material such as tholins . 3
Religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts . 3
The park was established in 1981 . 1
Northern crested newts normally live on land , but breed in ponds and pools . 2
There are two types of pages in desktop publishing , electronic pages and virtual paper pages to be printed on paper . 2
The glaciers crush minerals in the rock as they pass over them . 2
On account of the election results in 2009 , the party fulfils the conditions for receiving public allowances . 2
RIRs split their address pools into smaller chunks and give them to Internet service providers in their region . 2
The use of military units for civilian police is common to many eras and cultures . 2
The Acanthocephala were thought to be a discrete phylum . 3
In the 19th century the lightning rod became a symbol of American ingenuity and a decorative motif . 3
A frequency distribution is said to be skewed when its mean and median are different , or more generally when it is asymmetric , depending on the textbook . 3
The top of a pass is often the only flat ground in the area so it is often a good site for buildings . 2
This system is found in other fish as well . 1
A total of thirteen people have served as Prime Minister of Upper Volta / Burkina Faso . 2
Antipsychotic medicines , such as haloperidol , are sometimes used along with benzodiazepines to control agitation or psychosis . 3
Thermodynamic power cycles are the basis for the operation of heat engines , which supply most of the world 's electric power and run almost all motor vehicles . 3
All tracheary elements develop a thick lignified cell wall , and at maturity the protoplast has broken down and disappeared . 3
The church had 61,000 members in 700 congregations in 2009 . 2
Chloroplasts are one of many types of organelles in the plant cell . 3
On 6 and 7 September 2013 , double international games between Sweden and Finland with both A- and U23 games were held inside . 2
In modern times , belts for both men and women are used in BDSM . 2
The fossil has most of the face and mandible with teeth and , uniquely , a natural endocast of the braincase . 2
The reason for the designated hitter is because many pitchers are not good hitters . 2
This area has hot , humid summers and cool winters . 2
The industry of the town was first based on the large amount of fruit growing in the area . 2
The spines , long and sharp in some species , protect the urchin from predators . 2
The size of the main cast was smaller compared to the previous series . 2
Because of the lack of physical characteristics that supportthis group , it is very possible that the subfamily as it is currently recognized could grow bigger . 3
Below is a list of longest reigning cruiserweight champions in boxing measured by the individual 's longest reign . 3
The bumblebee bat roosts in the caves of limestone hills , along rivers , within dry evergreen or deciduous forests . 3
The college has 926 faculty and staff . 2
Most members have a complex lifecycle , involving both asexual and sexual reproduction . 3
The main attack tried to rescue the trapped battalions . 2
The main trains used on the line is Class 375 Electrostars . 1
The complex consists of two temples . 2
Since the middle of the 20th century , citadels usually protect military center , rather than cities or towns . 2
Cell division is more complex in eukaryotes than in other organisms . 3
Controversy surrounds the death of several fishermen since the 1980s . 2
The movie received mixed reviews from critics . 2
Silver carbonate can be prepared by combining aqueous solutions of sodium carbonate with a deficiency of silver nitrate . 3
The movement of snakes in trees has only recently been studied . 2
Islam also has its own form of Theistic evolution , which says that mainstream scientific analysis of the origin of the universe is supported by the Qur'an . 2
Nine - banded armadillos are mostly insectivores . 3
The median age in the city was 43.2 years . 2
A test tube with a stopper is often used for temporary storage of chemical or biological samples . 2
He was also a known historian , biographer and writer . 2
In a straightforward example the two bromine atoms in 3 - tert- butyl- trans - 1, 2 - dibromohexane mutarotate by heating . 3
Instructs the server to return information about the administrators of the server specified by , where is either a server or a user . 2
Ri possibly gave birth to a child in 2010 ; sources have reported it is a boy . 2
The river passes through mostly agricultural land . 2
A champion who does not wear the rainbow jersey can be fined 2500 to 5000 Swiss francs . 2
It was the first animal enzyme to be discovered . 2
Gaia is the personification of the Earth and these are her offspring as related in various myths . 3
Currently the university has about 27,000 students and employs about 4,600 people . 2
There is little evidence that using preventative antibiotics decreases urinary tract infections in children . 3
Many solids react vigorously with reactive gas species like chlorine , iodine , oxygen etc . 3
At the time of foundation in 1878 the order had only one class , that of Companion , with no quota imposed . 2
Males of many species feed on salts from moist soil . 2
There are various methods used to treat phobias . 2
A number of other visiting diesel and steam engines have also seen service on the line . 2
The vocabulary a person uses is all the words that person knows and uses . 2
The home uniform colors of the club are red and white . 2
However , the entry must be written to the backing store at some point in time . 2
Some specific ministries / department are not allocated to anyone in the cabinet but the Prime Minister himself . 2
Nematode species look very similar to one another . 2
The airport opened June 16 , 1941 , just before US entry into World War II . 1
The temporal lobe holds the primary auditory cortex , which is important for the processing of semantics in both speech and vision in humans . 3
Construction began in AD 142 at the order of Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius , and took about twelve years to complete . 3
By first plan , the movie would has the 300 m length on 10 minutes , 15 thousand drawings on the 18 x24 cm size of cellophane . 2
The third theme was used from 1962 to 1967 . 1
His passion for science derived from his lifelong love of horses . 2
Air cooling is the process of cooling an object by exposing it to air . 2
The climate of the province is a tropical climate , hot most of the year , but it is cooler in the mountains . 2
Organic synthesis is a special branch of chemical synthesis dealing with the synthesis of organic compounds . 2
Birdsong died on June 4 , 2019 , as a result of injuries sustained in a car crash . 2
A shooting star is when a wrestler jumps forward from higher ground and performs a backflip in midair . 2
After attending multiple writers ' conventions , she began writing short stories . 2
Fighting in city was very violent . 2
Cultivation of watercress is practical on both a large-scale and a garden-scale . 2
The speech lasted 40 minutes and 14 seconds . 1
The direction and duration of waggle runs show the direction and distance to flowers . 2
Since the germ theory of disease , it has also come to mean an absence of germs and other waste . 2
On his return to Rome , he was elected as military tribune , a first step in a political career . 2
In the United States , about 2 % of people have hepatitis C , with 35,000 to 185,000 new cases a year . 2
The trematodes or flukes include 18,000 to 24,000 species , divided into two subclasses . 2
Some of a subsidiary alliance were : Under this doctrine , Indian rulers under British protection surrendered the control of their foreign affairs to the British . 3
A three - hour special that was aired on November 16 , 2008 marked the end of the show . 2
The characteristics of this secret or key are determined by the system which uses it ; some system require that such keys be in a specific format . 2
Pump jets have some advantages over bare propellers for certain applications , usually related to requirements for high-speed or shallow - draft operations . 3
Stalactites and stalagmites can also form on concrete ceilings and floors , although they form much more rapidly there than in the natural cave environment . 3
Schoeman committed suicide at a retirement center in South Africa at the age of 77 , writing about dying with dignity in his suicide statement . 2
For many years , efforts to discover brown dwarves were fruitless . 3
Color blindness is very sensitive to changes in material . 2
Many small organisms such as rotifers , copeopods and platyhelminthes use such this design , but their eyes are too small to produce usable images . 3
Sand flies are small ; a body size of about 3 mm in length is typical for many species , which aids them in escaping notice . 2
Jutbring has been an active supporter of feminism and equal opportunities for women . 2
The only economic activity of importance is farming . 2
Similar mean orbital elements led the discoverers to postulate a common origin for the group in a break up of a larger body . 3
It affects up to 80 percent of all patients who have had diabetes for 10 years or more . 2
A contaminant is a substance present in nature at a level higher than typical levels or that would not otherwise be there . 2
The airport still has an important role in emergency services operation , civil operation , and flight training . 2
Services can be described in terms of I's . 2
The airport opened on June 16 , 1941 . 1
In early 1972 , the commercial video recording industry in Japan took a financial hit . 2
On 28 December , after eight days of fighting , the Germans withdrew from the town . 2
This movie got mixed reviews . 2
A stellar classification of M3.5V makes this a red dwarf star that is generating energy through the nuclear fusion of hydrogen at its core . 3
In some parts of the United States , corporal punishment is allowed in schools . 2
Types of state can be separated into two categories : democracy and dictatorship . 2
Over 6500 different tangram problems have been created from 19th century texts alone , and the current number is ever-growing . 2
The corresponding formation on the floor underneath a stalactite is known as a stalagmite . 3
In parliamentary procedure , a motion is a proposal to do something . 3
French explorers and fur traders were the first Europeans in the subregion . 2
One Billion Rising for Justice was in February 2014 . 1
Ten matches were contested at the event , including three on the pre-show . 2
The curtain rises on a warm evening in India a long time ago . 2
Batting tactics and strategy vary depending on the type of match being played as well as the current state of play . 2
The aesthetics of the store are somewhat different from that of 7 - Eleven stores in other countries as the stores offer a wider selection of products and services . 2
A large number of settlers arrived in the 1850s and 1860s . 2
Potentially , a white dwarf can generate multiple novae over time as additional hydrogen continues to accrete onto its surface from its companion star . 3
The label K2 is still the name by which the mountain is commonly known . 2
Depending on the size of the motorcade and who it is carrying , routes may be completely blockaded from the general public . 2
Adult Neuropterans have four membranous wings , all about the same size , with many veins . 3
After the gold rush , the forest slowly began to regrow . 2
Little is known about his life . 1
There are two kinds of unit load devices : pallets and boxes . 2
Iconoclasm may be carried out by people of a different religion , but is often the result of sectarian disputes between factions of the same religion . 3
Because of their size range , it is probable that different species hunted in different ways and allowed them to fill many different predatory niches . 2
No firm dates can be assigned to this Emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 400 to 405 . 2
Lung contusion and laceration are injuries to the lung . 3
Elliptical galaxies range in size from tens of millions to over one hundred trillion stars . 3
Heavy rotation or power rotation is a list of songs that get the most airplay on a radio station . 2
A useful way to work around these gaps in knowledge is to find links to other known events . 2
The readout can be analog or digital , and modern instruments have communications with a computer or network . 2
Adults are strictly diurnal , flying preferentially in the late morning and early afternoon . 3
Primate nails consist of the unguis alone , as the subunguis has disappeared . 3
These early mammals developed many traits which were to make them well - suited for a very active lifestyle . 2
Bear often answers major questions in contemporary science and culture with fictional solutions . 2
In 1997 a major fire burned about 1,435 km2 of the forest . 2
An entity whose income exceeds its expenditure can lend or invest the excess income to help that excess income produce more income in the future . 2
Histones undergo changes which alter their interaction with DNA and nuclear proteins . 2
The Acanthocephala , a group of parasitic worms previously considered to be a separate phylum , have been shown to be modified rotifers . 3
The iPhone 5C uses most of the same hardware as the iPhone 5 , with some minor changes . 2
The name used generally refers to the type of military activity that takes place at the base . 2
Under some conditions , such as extremely low temperature , some ceramics show superconductivity . 3
Many accidents and catastrophes have resulted from microsleep episodes in these circumstances . 2
Matches may also be played on Tuesdays or Wednesdays instead of the regular Thursdays due to scheduling conflicts . 2
Studies have shown that ear bones in mammal embryos are attached to the dentary , which is part of the lower jaw . 3
Because promos are produced in smaller quantity than releases made available to the general public , they are sometimes considered valuable collectors ' items . 2
Subfamily Nymphicinae Subfamily Calyptorhynchinae : The black cockatoos 3
This alphabetic system operates on the additive principle in which the numeric values of the letters are added together to obtain the total . 3
The steppe region had long been inhabited by mounted nomads , and from the central steppes they could reach all areas of the Asian continent . 2
Tuning forks have traditionally been used to tune musical instruments , though electronic tuners have largely replaced them . 2
Transposable elements represent one of several types of mobile genetic elements . 2
He founded several educational institutions both in German - and French-speaking regions of Switzerland and wrote many works explaining his revolutionary modern principles of education . 2
Ventricular fibrillation is a cause of cardiac arrest . 3
Although many turtles spend much of their lives underwater , all turtles and tortoises breathe air , and must surface at regular intervals to refill their lungs . 2
Protein biosynthesis differs between prokaryotes and eukaryotes , though parts of the process are the same in both . 3
The actual skin color of different humans is affected by many substances , although the single most important substance is the pigment melanin . 2
Mast cells are a type of innate immune cell in connective tissue and the mucous membranes . 3
By far the major industry in recent times is tourism . 2
Axles are an integral component of most practical wheeled vehicles . 2
Impatiens are popular garden annuals . 2
Goaltenders are not allowed to be captains during games . 2
In some rhythm games , the screen will display an avatar who performs in response to the player 's button-presses . 2
An example is the thermal ring-opening reaction of 3,4 - dimethylcyclobutene . 3
The boat was found in 1955 during the creation of the Dutch A28 motorway . 2
French is the only official language in France as whole and in these municipalities . 2
Note : Tie games were not counted in the standings until 1972 . 2
He has edited and written many books and articles on education theory , policy and practice , and has appeared on many panels and symposia . 3
Despite the huge numbers , there are only about 120 modern species in 20 genera . 2
As the forest was almost abandoned after the gold rush period , a regeneration process emerged . 2
The caste system of social insects is the division of labor between genetically identical individuals . 3
Chondroitin sulfate was originally isolated well before the structure was characterized , leading to changes in terminology with time . 3
At the 2001 Census , the population of the civil parish was 20,309 , remaining similar at the 2011 Census . 2
Games are divided into 40 - minute halves , with a break in the middle . 2
These are seashells , the shells of various marine mollusks including both gastropod and bivalves . 3
After that , many people contributed code to the project . 2
The government is led by the Prime Minister , who selects all the remaining ministers . 1
The next few decades were of rapid growth and expansion in the territories controlled by the British . 2
No terrestrial globes from Antiquity or the Middle Ages have survived . 3
Forty - nine people have been governor of the state . 1
In some cases of multiple bonds between two atoms , there is no sigma bond at all , only pi bonds . 2
In the movie a scientist takes college students to use as human guinea pigs . 2
It is sometimes seen in older deeds and contracts as a more traditional way of using terms of reference . 2
A number of currencies were official ISO 4217 currency codes and currency names until their replacement by the euro or other currencies . 2
The shopping mall is located on both the northern and the southern side of the E4 motorway and is connected with a covered bridge spanning across the motorway . 2
Testing was slow as they were still getting the Saturn V ready for Apollo 4 . 2
Although American units were usually able to replenish their numbers quickly , the replacements rarely had sufficient tactical training . 3
Not all flowers with multiple ovaries form aggregate fruit ; the ovaries of some flowers do not become tightly joined together to make a larger fruit . 3
In 2012 Nanninga went into a coma and only regained consciousness five months later . 2
Potassium iodate is sometimes used for iodination of table salt to prevent iodine deficiency . 3
The vitamin is the largest and most structurally complicated vitamin . 2
The Grade is mostly used in mountaineering and big wall climbing . 2
The golden everlasting is easy to grow . 2
Cockatoos are recognizable by the prominent crests and curved bills . 3
The club 's logo is a green globe with the initials CFC in white on the center , along with twelve white stylized pine seeds . 2
The clock signal is a special digital signal that is used to synchronize many digital circuits . 3
Built between 2003 and 2006 out of formerly barren lands , it covers 40 hectares . 2
There are hundreds of different types and variations of fibulae . 2
There are three types of conics : the ellipse , parabola , and hyperbola . 3
The pass is open only from May to November . 1
Gliese 581 c was thought to be habitable when it was discovered , and it was thought to be in the habitable zone . 3
Wormholes are a common element in science fiction because they allow rapid interstellar , intergalactic , and sometimes even interuniversal travel . 3
Scallops are filter feeders , and eat plankton . 3
A Tigrinya syllable may consist of a consonant -vowel or a consonant - vowel - consonant sequence . 3
The reconstruction of the building was completed on 16 July 2012 . 2
The constitutional court said the congressional resolution to be anti-constitutional and rejected it . 3
According to 2011 census , Vikramasingapuram had a population of 47,241 with a sex-ratio of 1,058 females for every 1,000 males , much above the national average of 929 . 3
A deranged genetic scientist abducts college students as human guinea pigs that he uses in his experiments in crossbreeding plants with humans . 3
Ammonia is one of the most produced inorganic chemicals , with global production reported at 176 million tonnes in 2014 . 2
Experimental physics expands , and is expanded by , engineering and technology . 2
No globes of the Earth from Antiquity or the Middle Ages have survived . 2
Komodo dragons are carnivores . 2
Bidatsu suffered from an unknown disease which afflicted him with sores . 2
Six subclasses are generally recognized , although many works have included the ostracods among the Maxillopoda . 3
A person consuming a dangerous amount of alcohol persistently can develop memory blackouts and idiosyncratic intoxication or pathological drunkenness symptoms . 3
The size of Irish Elk antlers is distinctive , and several theories have arisen as to their evolution . 2
There are some common ways used to stretch piercings , of different origins and useful for different people . 2
Construction began in 1871 of a bridge to be supported by brick piers resting on bedrock . 2
The seven pitches of any diatonic scale can also be obtained by using a chain of six perfect fifths . 2
Solar cells can be used to power tools or to recharge a storage battery . 2
Traditionally , this dance is performed only by women at night without any instruments . 2
Perspective drawings have a horizon line , which is often implied . 2
Insect respiration is accomplished without lungs . 2
Ordinary closure is called finite closure . 2
After the war his research focused on human genetics , pioneering in what is now known as gene regulation . 2
There are two principal workarounds to this problem , which substitute digraphs for the accented letters . 2
Caring for a beating heart cadaver is similar to caring for a living patient . 3
New evidence based on accurate optically stimulated luminescence and uranium - thorium dating of megafaunal remains suggests that humans were the ultimate cause of the extinction of megafauna in Australia . 3
Production on the movie began in November 1999 and was finished in May 2000 , with a budget of just over $ 50 million . 2
Credits adapted from West 's official website . 2
The red kangaroo is a very large kangaroo . 1
Impatiens have become one of the most popular garden annuals . 2
Other sources use minima as low as 28 kn , and maxima as high as 90 kn . 2
He starts to be interested in Reggae music very early , and at the age of 15 , he composes his first song . 2
Eventually , the two women tell each other the truth . 2
The autism rights movement is sometimes controversial . 2
Walker fell into a diabetic coma on 11 January 2015 . 2
There are two subspecies . 2
Similar mean orbital elements led the discoverers to postulate a common origin for the group in a breakup of a larger body . 3
Hard - boiled eggs are completely cooked . 2
In October 2015 , the districts were abolished . 2
Frequency - dependent selection occurs when the fitness of a phenotype depends on its frequency . 2
Their song is mainly territorial : it communicates the identity and whereabouts of an individual to other birds of the same species . 3
Linear regression was the first type of regression analysis to be studied rigorously . 3
Growing Opium poppy and drug trafficking are important to the political and economic situation of Afghanistan . 2
Liquid nitrogen has a variety of uses , as it is easy to transport , and compact . 3
A geologic section has to follow the rules to be adapted as a GSSP by the ICS . 2
There are different hypotheses about when and where PIE was spoken . 2
A cyclist must wear the jersey when competing in the same discipline , category and speciality that he is world champion for . 2
A claw is made of hard protein called keratin . 2
Another , more classical , form of handrailing which is still in use is the tangent method . 2
The principal threats to cockatoos are habitat loss and the wildlife trade . 2
Roman chamomile can be be used directly on to the skin for pain and swelling and is used to treat cracked nipples . 3
In Canada and the United States , neighborhoods often have official or semi-official status . 2
As a profession , medical illustration has a more recent history . 2
Ringed seals eat a wide variety of small prey . 2
Gorgoneia that decorate the shields of warriors on mid-fifth century Greek vases are considerably less grotesque and menacing . 3
Christian metal bands exist in all the subgenres of heavy metal music , and the only common link between most Christian metal bands are the lyrics . 3
The flowers are small , and plentiful . 2
After 1932 he withdrew from tournament play , mostly because his symptoms of schizophrenia prevented normal life . 3
The mathematical formulations of quantum mechanics are abstract . 3
In 1888 Georges Head was chosen as the best place to observe and fire underwater mines , the latest in harbor defences . 2
To hunt fish the eagle swoops down over the water and snatches the fish out of the water with its talons . 2
There are two objects , one convex and one concave , that can both be called regular icosahedra . 3
As a result of the increased demand and tightening restrictions on exports of the metals from China , some countries are stockpiling rare- earth resources . 2
Thousands of school children died because of badly built schools . 2
When a woman starts to give birth , the amniotic sac should break and the amniotic fluid will leak out the woman 's vagina . 3
Neutrophils are the most abundant white blood cell , constituting 60 - 70 % of the circulating leukocytes , and including two functionally unequal subpopulations : neutrophil-killers and neutrophil-cagers . 3
Oats are best grown in temperate regions . 2
In 2013 , the church decided to push for a more aggressive presence on the internet , and built a new studio to broadcast in high-definition television . 2
Individual animals regularly clean themselves and put their fur , feathers or other skin coverings in good order . 2
The relationships between the queen and the breeding males may last for many years . 2
The film was released on September 20 , 2002 . 1
Some crabapples are used as rootstocks for domestic apples to add beneficial characteristics . 2
Praxidike belongs to the Ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break - up of a captured heliocentric asteroid . 3
The MIPS architecture has instructions which are 32 bits long . 2
A cheese fondue mixture should be kept warm enough to keep the fondue smooth and liquid but not so hot that it burns . 3
Both at the server and the user level , Discord allows users to connect these to their Twitch . tv or other gaming service account . 2
The land on which the circuit is located was originally bought in 1926 by property developers who wanted to build housing . 2
The state is divided into three divisions . 1
Zinc sheet metal is used to make zinc bars . 2
Reminders allows users to create lists of tasks with alerts that can either be date - based or location - based . 2
The first-line psychiatric treatment for schizophrenia is antipsychotic medication , which can reduce the positive symptoms of psychosis in about 7 to 14 days . 3
Some fish change sex over the course of their life . 2
The first recorded outbreak of chikungunya may have been in 1779 . 2
The following shows several D capabilities and D design trade- offs in a very short program . 2
Saffron 's aroma is often described by connoisseurs as reminiscent of metallic honey with grassy or hay - like notes , while its taste has also been noted as hay -like and sweet . 3
Flannel , flannelette and cotton flannel can be woven in either a twill weave or plain weave . 3
Team based battle royals consist of two or more teams of wrestlers , with the number of wrestlers on each team usually being equal . 2
After September 1939 , the Dutch tried to improve the situation , but with little result . 2
The province has 3 urban and 111 rural communities . 2
This research contributed greatly to understanding how each cerebral hemisphere works . 3
Unaipon took out provisional patents for 19 inventions but was unable to afford to get any of his inventions fully patented , according to some sources . 3
The fundamental plane is the plane of the Earth 's orbit , also called the ecliptic plane . 3
The oldest parts of the building date from 1094 . 1
In his first form , Frieza is a relatively short humanoid , albeit with a large chestnut - shaped skull with two horns . 2
It was reported that three people were killed on the ground level , four in the synagogue 's basement and at least one other person died in the building . 3
The main inscription on the attic would originally have been of bronze letters . 2
A flat piece of heat absorbing glass is often placed between the condensing lens and the slide , to avoid damaging the slide . 2
Many sans serif typefaces use oblique designs instead of italic ones . 3
Ullsten died on 28 May 2018 at the age of 86 . 1
Appointments to both Orders stopped after 14 August 1947 . 2
Many bird songs are so specific that they can be used for species identification . 2
s of 2010 the median income for a household was $ 41,290 , and the median income for a family was $ 65,673 . 2
The following is a list of serum hCG levels . 2
In the opening and middlegame , the king will mostly not play an active role in the development of an attacking or position . 2
The Western Interior Seaway was a shallow sea , filled with abundant marine life . 2
Comparisons between denominations must be approached with caution . 3
The lower part of the trap contains glands which take nutrients from captured insects . 2
After the fall of the Berlin Wall the population dropped from over 100,000 in 1989 down to roughly 75,000 in 2005 through emigration . 2
A large temple also owned sizable tracts of land and employed thousands of laymen to supply its needs . 2
Lacking detailed tropical fossils , geneticists and primatologists have used genetic analyses to determine the relatedness between primate lineages and the amount of time since they diverged . 3
High treason is punished by life in prison . 2
By May 2008 , Rickrolling had become an internet hit or phenomenon and very soon rickrolling was being covered on mainstream media . 3
Instruments for measuring voltages include the voltmeter , the potentiometer , and the oscilloscope . 3
Glucksmann died in Paris on 10 November 2015 at the age of 78 . 1
In July 2003 , iPass successfully issued its IPO , raising over $ 100 million . 2
The analysis is conducted on pairs , defined as a member of one group compared to a member of the other group . 2
The structure of a gene has many elements : the actual protein coding sequence is only a small part . 2
The primary objective of the mission is to develop the technologies required for designing , planning , management and operations of an interplanetary mission . 3
Differential calculus is the process of finding out the rate of change of a variable compared to another variable . 2
Ireland died of cancer on 31 July 2014 aged 68 . 1
Other theorems have a known proof that cannot easily be written down . 2
Responses to terrorism are broad in scope . 2
Some services , such as MuzIcons , combine emoticons and Adobe Flash music player in a widget . 2
In the early 20th century , petticoats were circular , had flounces and buttons in which women could attach additional flounces to the garment . 2
She went school with in - depth study of languages . 2
Hydrogen has three naturally occurring isotopes , denoted 1H , 2H and 3H . 2
The main industry is tourism and the parish is a major tourism destination . 2
The dorsal and anal fins are divided into anterior spiny and posterior soft-rayed portions , which may be partially or completely separated . 3
Some rice proteins are regarded as the causes of allergy in some people . 2
Through his work at the Museum he became acquainted with many Egyptologists and archaeologists who visited the Museum . 3
Four field guides were also released . 2
The median income for a household in the county was $ 46,941 , and the median income for a family was $ 52,281 . 2
The glands secrete mucus to make sexual intercourse easier . 3
The MHC genes are highly polymorphic . 3
The microarchitecture is related to , but not the same as , the instruction set architecture . 2
Some backpacks are specifically designed to carry certain items . 2
The inner ear consists of the cochlea and several non-auditory structures . 2
Costa Rica developed high literacy rates and education levels . 2
Strebelle was a knwon artist for more than 65 years , and his works are found in private collections and public settings around the world . 2
Platform games originated in the early 1980s , which were often about climbing ladders as much as jumping , with 3D successors popularized in the mid-1990s . 2
Alginate , agar and carrageenan are gelatinous seaweed products collectively known as hydrocolloids or phycocolloids . 3
The novel is told through narratives alternating between two time periods , and is largely told in the third - person mode . 2
A frequency distribution is said to be skewed when its mean and median are different . 3
There is also a bus station in the town center . 2
The geodetic center of North America is located within the county . 2
With a population of just 12 inhabitants , July 2018 , it is the smallest municipality in Switzerland . 2
Two investigations have been held by the British government . 1
Research on the Aha ! 1
Bidding documents were sent to seventeen cities in mind for hosting a WrestleMania event between 2012 and 2014 , with fourteen replying in interest . 2
Mrs. Which - The oldest of the three celestial beings who accompany the children on their adventure . 2
Most feature films are between 75 and 210 minutes long . 2
In 2004 , iPass launched a policy orchestration initiative to integrate patch management , assessment and remediation of remote and mobile computers into its connectivity platform . 3
Efficient energy use allows energy demand to slow so that rising clean energy supplies can make big cuts in fossil fuel burning . 2
Some fast food outlets previously dispensed ketchup from hand -operated pumps into paper cups . 2
Starting in 1941 , all entering students had to be high school graduates , allowing the seminary to discontinue all high school classes . 2
Work executed with more or less large stones put together without any attempt at courses is called rubble walling . 2
The French press goes by various names around the world . 2
Lifeline has over 260 retail outlets around the country which sell a variety of clothes , furniture and bric-a- brac . 2
TUTTs sometimes bring a large amount of vertical wind shear over tropical disturbances and cyclones so TUTTs can reduce cyclone development . 2
Like several other Arctiidae moth larvae , the cinnabar caterpillars can turn cannibalistic . 3
A person 's speaking vocabulary is all the words they use in speech . 2
Modern dry cleaning 's use of non-water - based solvents to remove soil and stains from clothes was reported as early as 1855 . 2
A proto-oncogene is a normal gene that can become an oncogene due to mutations or increased expression . 3
Most of a cell 's DNA is in the cell nucleus , but the mitochondrion has its own independent genome . 3
Tennis is now a sport that is played at the Olympics . 2
Finally the commune hosts a waste incinerator which disposes of the waste from 44 surrounding communes . 3
Most polyesters are made with a polycondensation reaction . 3
Humans started using iron for making tools and weapons . 2
During this period many design houses began to hire artists to sketch or paint designs for garments . 2
Modern video cameras have numerous designs and uses . 2
Lobsters usually move slowly by walking on the bottom of the sea floor . 2
The stars in the core of Omega Centauri are so crowded that they are estimated to average only 0.1 light years away from each other . 2
The latter half of the period was a time of mountain - building on nearly all continents . 2
Feature films usually have insurance in place by the time principal photography begins . 2
Humans have managed to construct lighter than air vehicles that raise off the ground and fly , due to their floating in air and water . 2
The state agency operates with an annual appropriation of approximately six million dollars and approximately 100 employees . 2
Realistic space try to copy the behavior of a vessel under the laws of physics . 2
The amethyst woodstar 's natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montanes . 3
The collective noun for a group of quail is a flock , covey or bevy . 3
During the Early Modern Age , Latin still was the most important language of culture in Europe . 2
Many sans-serif typefaces use plainer oblique designs instead of italic ones . 3
A capability enhancement program that started delivering improvements to UK guns in 2007 aimed at reducing weight and improving some components . 2
After going to a few writers ' meetings , she began writing short stories . 2
These beetles are significant in forensic entomology . 3
Often people use soaps and detergents to assist in the emulsification of oils and dirt particles so they can be washed away . 3
The church underwent several renovations during the 1900s . 2
Men and women are subject to different standards of modesty in dress . 2
The Court ruled 7 - 2 that the death penalty is not always cruel and unusual punishment . 2
The current trophy is made from silver and gild , and features a golden globe held up by three silver columns . 2
Small businesses often face a lot of problems because of their size . 2
Where the hymenium is found is traditionally the first thing used to identify mushrooms or to group mushrooms into families . 3
In addition , there are 19 associate members and one affiliate member . 2
In addition to industrial uses , maritime pine is also a popular ornamental tree , often planted in parks and gardens in areas with warm temperate climates . 2
Unemployment among a large portion of the population is part of the reason for crime . 2
New paradigms have been created over time , and people either pointed them out at the time , or when looking back . 2
Combs can be used to fix stray hairs and untangle wet hair . 2
Some ghost towns , especially those that preserve period-specific architecture , have become tourist attractions . 2
Characteristics of extraterrestrial skies appear to vary substantially due to a number of factors . 3
Organometallic complexes are commonly used in catalysis . 3
Ammonium carbonate is produced by combining carbon dioxide and aqueous ammonia . 3
Rempe began playing pool at the age of 6 . 2
There are possible health concerns of sugar substitutes and caffeine overuse . 2
The pitching distance is 50 feet . 2
There are also 3D jigsaw puzzles . 1
The Founding Fathers wanted republicanism because its ideas guaranteed liberty , with limited powers checking and balancing each other . 2
Reviewers criticized the film 's advertisement campaign . 2
MacNeil died after a short-illness , aged 86 . 1
Brain played a lot of chamber music , forming a wind quintet with his brother in 1946 . 2
His interests included linguistics , archaeology , biochemistry and music . 2
An epigenetic contribution to heterosis has been established in plants , and it has also been reported in animals . 2
In recent times , tropical disturbances that reach tropical storm intensity are named from a predetermined list . 3
The growth and development of the Ediacara biota is also important . 2
The book was first published in 1975 . 1
In the earlier 1800s , young adults were expected to court with the intention of finding a marriage partner , rather than for social reasons . 2
Centrioles however , are not required for the progression of mitosis . 3
The show helped launch the characters into mainstream popularity and became one of the most popular animated series in television history . 2
Male argonauts have been seen living inside salps , which are planktonic tunicates . 3
Geophysics was only recognized as a special area of study in the 19th century . 2
Most modern operating systems can use a flash drive , without the need to install special software . 2
While some books are original , others began as text copied over from other sources of free content textbooks found on the Internet . 2
Traditional Faroese food is mainly based on meat , seafood and potatoes and uses few fresh vegetables . 2
The triggers that cause uric acid to build up in the blood are not well understood . 2
Some critics ridiculed him for his style , but he came to be recognized as a self-taught genius . 2
Holland died of a heart attack on 24 December 2017 in New York City at the age of 89 . 2
The oldest khachkars in the cemetery go back to the late 10th century . 2
After winning a victory , and as pursuing the Japanese ships became too dangerous near Wake , American forces pulled back . 2
For efficiency the sectors should be serviced in order of proximity to the current head position , rather than in the order received . 2
About 50 % of the papyrus is missing . 2
Small versions of this instrument , called bird flageolets , were also made and were used for teaching birds to sing . 3
The iPhone 5C has almost the same hardware as the iPhone 5 . 2
Pure aluminum is very soft , so a harder metal is almost always added . 2
Through his work at the Museum he became acquainted to many Egyptologists and archaeologists who visited the Museum . 2
Interest in the machine grew across Europe . 2
The game was poorly received by critics and gamers alike . 2
In Europe , basil is placed in the hands of the dead to ensure a safe journey . 2
The domes were often placed directly above the main prayer hall . 1
Large died on 3 November 2018 from an abdominal aortic aneurysm , at the age of 75 . 2
The congregation of swamp deer in the park 's grasslands is the largest in the world ; the population of hispid hare may be of international significance . 2
Cryptobranchids are large salamanders , with large folds of skin along their flanks . 3
Nitrogen dioxide is normally made by oxidation of nitric oxide by oxygen in air . 3
Football is the most popular sport in Costa Rica . 1
It is a close relative of the mourning and eared doves . 2
Groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade , and in high school took an independent study in English . 2
Eucalypts were introduced to Brazil in 1910 , for timber substitution and the charcoal industry . 2
The primary application of cheminformatics is in the storage of information relating to compounds . 3
AS -90D - Changed for use in the desert . 2
It has often been noted for its complex lightcurves , which made finding its shape and rotation somewhat hard . 3
Originally the service had been provided by two -axle motor cars . 2
Laplace also came close to getting the concept of the black hole . 2
Calcium nitrate is used in waste water pre-conditioning for odor emission prevention . 3
Canada provided a $ 5 million thermal plasma analyzer . 3
The hypothalamus releases factors down the pituitary stalk to the pituitary gland where they cause the release of pituitary hormones . 3
Sometimes , the developing world is plagued by largely preventable infectious diseases , due to malnutrition and poverty . 3
Amusement park go-karts can be powered by 4 - stroke engines or electric motors . 2
Knockouts are accomplished through a variety of techniques . 2
A significant issue with standard candles is the recurring question of how standard they are . 2
There are two versions of the video . 2
The third tunnel was discovered on October 17 , 1978 . 2
The climate is generally tropical and mild , and the two major seasons are distinguishable by their raininess . 2
The didgeridoo is now often used as an instrument in the experimental and avant-garde music scene . 2
Up to four people can play in multiplayer mode , which has specific rules predetermined by the players . 2
The Family - to - Family program provides general information about mental illness and how it is currently treated from a medical model perspective . 2
The provinces are grouped into seventeen regions based on geographical , cultural , and ethnological characteristics . 2
One of the problems with the plan was the availability of landing ships . 2
All Group 11 elements are relatively inert , corrosion - resistant metals . 2
There are over 120 species of living cuttlefish , in 5 genera . 2
Unaipon took out provisional patents for 19 inventions , but he could not afford to get any of his inventions fully patented . 3
The following is a list of some of the songs featured in the movie along with the artist that popularized them . 2
The ocelli of insects have a simple lens , but their focal point always lies behind the retina . They can never form a sharp image . 2
Trees from the same region will tend to develop the same patterns of ring widths for a given period . 2
Eggs are laid singly under old leaves of a host plant and are green or grey blue . 2
However , mitochondrial DNA only reflects the history of females in a population . 3
A winger or wide player refer to a non-defender who plays on the left or right sides of the pitch . 2
Context switches are usually time consuming and much of the design of operating systems is to minimize the time of context switches . 2
In 1792 it was closed and became a warehouse . 2
Margays are mainly nocturnal , but they do sometimes hunt during the day . 2
There are also numerous journals , on - line articles and blogs available . 2
China also has a variety of forest types . 2
The structure of a gene consists of many elements of which the actual protein coding sequence is often only a small part . 2
On May 15 , 2006 , it was announced that the station is to be redeveloped . 2
In November 1973 , an envelope containing a lock of hair and a human ear arrived at a daily newspaper . 2
The last killer tornado occurred around 12 : 30 AM on April 12 killing four people . 2
There is usually an option to produce audible representing the radiation intensity . 2
When pain occurs , the woman may be distracted from feeling pleasure and excitement . 2
The idea behind all property law is property . 2
Because most of these beetles are found living in dead animals , they are studied in forensic entomology . 3
In 2012 the event was visited by totally 50 700 people , which meant a new record had been broken . 2
Prior to 10 September 2015 , Nepal was divided into five developmental regions and fourteen administrative zones . 2
On 6 October 2012 three soccer grounds using artificial turf were opened . 2
Many species of chaetotonid gastrotrichs reproduce entirely by parthenogenesis . 3
Around the middle of April , the regular season ends . 2
Corroboree frogs are the first vertebrates discovered that are able to produce their own poisonous alkaloids , as opposed to obtaining it via diet as many other frogs do . 3
While admission to some concerts is free , it is common practice to charge money for concerts by selling admission tickets . 2
Cleaner shrimps are often included in saltwater aquaria partly due to their cleansing function and partly due to their brightly colored appearance . 2
Metics typically shared the burdens of citizenship without any of its privileges . 3
In end of the 19th century , the yoke and arrows became a political symbol of the Spanish socialist party . 2
In prehistoric times montane forest occupied covered one third of the land of present- day Rwanda . 2
Hydrogen has three isotopes ; the others are called deuterium and tritium . 3
The boiling point of a liquid varies depending upon the surrounding environmental pressure . 2
These dates are allegedly the king 's birthday and coronation day , respectively . 2
The earthquake caused more than 5,000 casualties , and destroyed 29,000 houses . 2
The specific energy of a flywheel is determined by 2
It is obtained by the combustion of phosphorus in a limited supply of air at low temperature . 3
Images of the deity , quite different from those of the other gods , were kept in homes . 2
The glenoid labrum is the second kind of cartilage in the shoulder which is distinctly different from the articular cartilage . 3
Symmetry operations can be written in many ways . 2
Another technique that has become more popular recently is multithreading . 2
His first discovery was the asteroid 267 Tirza in 1887 . 1
The main economic activity is commerce with Haiti . 2
Statistically speaking , cable- borne elevators are extremely safe . 2
Although humans have many uses for peat , it presents severe problems at times . 2
Cofactors can be divided into two types , either inorganic ions , or complex organic molecules called coenzymes . 3
About 10 % of all sedimentary rocks are limestones . 2
The city is notable for its well - preserved downtown with a number of remaining historic businesses . 2
In the Gregorian calendar , 303 out of every 400 years are common years . 2
Meads was widely considered one of the greatest players in history . 2
Some performers or groups put on very elaborate and expensive affairs , with parts of the show being similar to a theater performance . 2
On 28 December , after eight days of fighting , the depleted German troops finally withdrew from the town . 2
There are many software applications that feature virtual crossfaders . 2
But in the inland areas more than half of the population was Serbo- Croatian speaking , after the first years of the eighteenth century . 2
The live hour-long series finale aired August 26 , 2014 , and was viewed by 1.003 million viewers for a 0.4 share in the 18 - 49 demographic . 3
Llullaillaco is a stratovolcano which rises 2200 m above the surrounding terrain . 2
Some enzymes need several cofactors . 2
Some performers or groups put on very elaborate and expensive shows . 2
The importation of slaves was made illegal in 1792 . 2
Para-alpine skiing classification is designed to give insurance equal competition between alpine skiers with different types of limited physical and seeing powers . 2
Until the early 20th century , arsenic was frequently used as an embalming fluid , until it was supplanted by other more effective and less toxic chemicals . 3
Both non-financial and financial capital accumulation is usually needed for economic growth , since additional production usually requires additional funds to enlarge the scale of production . 3
A total of 47 countries entered the qualification , including South Africa , which automatically qualified . 2
In the 1980s and 1990s , historians have argued over whether this term is appropriate . 2
Since the development of technology , Transmission and storage systems have been of immense interest to technologists and technology users . 2
The bridge 's movements were caused by a'positive feedback ' phenomenon . 2
Twelve matches were performed at the event . 2
Proponents believe the area somewhat corresponds to the historic County of Barcelona , although its extent is considerably different . 2
In England they are often used as the fish in fish and chips . 2
Some carbocations such as the 2 - norbornyl cation exhibit more or less symmetrical three - center two -electron bonding . 3
They forage on wet ground or in shallow water , mainly eating insects , small fish and some seeds . 2
The book series does not happen in one particular timeframe . 2
It is important to distinguish between sex-linked characters , which are controlled by genes on sex chromosomes , and two other categories . 3
This system is found in most fish , including sharks . 2
This species may be seen flying from April-October in the south . 2
Tickets for the event commenced sale to the public on November 3 , 2007 . 2
Troubadour songs were mainly about chivalry and courtly love . 3
7209 , 7210 , 7308 and 7348 have all been destroyed in accidents . 1
The first production version . 1
He founded several schools in German and French-speaking regions of Switzerland , and wrote explaining his principles of education . 2
Olfactory hallucinations can be caused by common medical conditions such as nasal infections , nasal polyps , or dental problems . 3
The film 's B movie-esque title generated a lot of pre-release interest on the Internet . 2
The history of traditional sports is ancient . 1
In 1873 mine owners tried to bring in Saturday afternoon and Sunday work . 2
The food of Cambodia includes tropical fruits , rice , noodles and various soups . 2
Sympatric speciation is the formation of two or more descendant species from a single ancestral species all occupying the same geographic location . 3
Pannella died on 19 May 2016 of cancer , after agreeing to be sedated . 2
All aerobic organisms produce when they oxidize carbohydrates , fatty acids , and proteins . 3
The analysis is done on pairs , a member of one group compared to a member of the other group . 2
X- ray crystallography is the primary method for determining the molecular conformations of biological macromolecules , particularly protein and nucleic acids such as DNA and RNA . 3
Made of basalt , it measures 2.43 metres by 0.92 metres and is 20 centimetres thick . 2
In the early twentieth century , the city was used for landing and refueling by long distance airplane flights between Europe and Australia . 2
Healthy gums usually have no reaction to normal disturbance such as brushing . 2
The median income for a household in the city as of the 2000 census was $ 62,550 , while the median income for a family was $ 67,500 . 2
Behavior is linked to the nervous system as well as the endocrine system . 3
Pincers , often red-hot , have been used as an instrument of torture since the middle ages or earlier . 2
A rational fraction is an algebraic fraction where the top and the bottom are polynomials . 3
The main difficulty of water wheels was their inseparability from water . 2
Canada is also home to many indigenous languages . 2
The station 's large hall was chosen because its dimensions are similar to 19th century concert halls , that is , it is shaped in the 'shoebox style ' . 2
Lithium oxide is produced by thermal dehydration of lithium hydroxide . 3
Four important qualities for the rocks were recognized in the Tang dynasty . 2
He was then nominated by the prime minister to serve as the Minister of Finance . 2
On April 15 , 2013 , a fire occurred in the library . 2
Large died on 3 November 2018 from a heart attack at the age of 75 . 1
The executive in a legal system serves as the center of political authority of the State . 2
He died in the early hours of 13 July 2019 after a brief illness . 2
Roads entering the City were narrowed and small chicanes were created to force drivers to slow down and be recorded by CCTV cameras . 2
Intellectual property laws have the effect of converting some goods to scarce goods by law . 2
The novel is told through narratives alternating between two periods and is largely told in the third - person omniscient mode . 3
Tide pools provide a home for hardy organisms such as starfish , mussels and clams . 2
People of all races have fought against segregation and discrimination in the United States . 2
He died , aged 80 , on 22 July 2014 . 1
In order to make it possible for all the Form 3 students to study as Form 4 in the school , the school changed the class structure . 2
The nipples of mothers are protected by the mother 's own skin oil to prevent drying , cracking , or infections . 3
The neighborhood has had notable residents . 2
The modern city was established in 1956 . 2
Construction of the track started in March 1909 . 2
Some or all of the postcodes above may cover two states . 2
The DVD was released on October 10 , 2006 . 1
After the war , the buildings were used as an immigration and migration hostel . 2
Water play areas are similar to water parks and include urban beaches , splash pads , and smaller collections of water slides in many hotels and public swimming pools . 2
Graphically , Goetzinger is known for her research and attention to detail , carefully rendered apparel and a style influenced by Art Nouveau . 3
There are many kinds of systems . 2
Clerical and administrative support has been significantly enhanced in recent times . 2
The first goal of treating gout is to reduce the symptoms of an acute attack . 2
Sice the late 1980s , digital compositing began to replace optical effects . 2
The festival authority chooses and invites Asian and Australian films to participate in different sections . 2
In the late 1980s and early 1990s the number of cars attempting to enter each race was as high as 39 . 2
In the late 1950s , he studied filmmaking in France . 1
One example of an epigenetic change in eukaryotic biology is the process of cellular differentiation . 3
Conscious thought is not necessary for knowledge of results to have its effect . 2
The current cantonal constitution dates from 1997 . 2
On 25 September 2017 , he was hospitalized due to liver failure . 2
Western modern historical linguistics dates from the late 18th century . 2
On the north side of the gate are two plaques . 2
With county codes , official until 1974 . 1
The eggs are usually deposited on the leaves of trees or shrubs hanging over the running water of mountain streams , creeks , and small rivers . 2
The table tennis section applied for bankruptcy on 3 July 2006 . 2
Many of his examples are based on the square- cube law . 2
A mouse or a rat strain is a group of animals that is genetically uniform . 2
The purpose of classification is to protect information from being used to damage or cause danger to national security . 2
In golf , a golfer plays a number of holes in a given order . 2
Strep throat usually lasts a few days without treatment . 2
Kestrels can fly in stationary air , even indoors in barns . 2
Flora and fauna are relatively scarce due to the harsh climate . 3
The song received extensive critical recognition . 2
However , during the 20th century the river deteriorated due to pollution . 3
The climate of the region is subtropical monsoonal with mean annual rainfall of 1579 mm that occurs from June to September and is highest in August . 3
In 2011 the statue was vandalized three times , being splashed with red paint . 2
Bismuth chloride is used as a catalyst in organic synthesis . 3
The guaracha is a genre of rapid tempo and with lyrics . 2
As the sovereign 's representative in his or her county , a lord-lieutenant remains non-political and may not hold office in any political party . 3
He was known for his strength and fiery temper , and fought off over thirty knights by himself on at least two occasions . 2
The testes have two primary functions : to produce hormones and to produce sperm . 2
Adding to science and technology has happened throughout the country 's history . 2
The commune has an area of 1466.7 sqkm and the city proper , 16.16 sqkm . 2
Scientists do not know why the Christmas Island Pipistrelle 's numbers dropped . 2
Atomic physics always considers atoms in isolation . 3
First , Euler pointed out that the choice of route inside each land mass does not matter . 2
Eigenvalues and eigenvectors have many applications in both pure and applied mathematics . 3
The atmosphere is modeled as a fluid . 2
Many small organisms such as rotifers , copepods and flatworms use such organs , but these are too small to produce usable images . 3
On poor , dry soils tropical heathlands can be found . 2
The social and economic problems created by the disaster were very big . 2
One method , more obscure than most , is to alternate direction when rounding a number with 0.5 fractional part . 2
Descendants of the therapsids , the cynodonts were still flourishing along with the dinosaurs . 3
Queen Marie never managed to acquire any political influence . 2
Georges Head was later chosen as the best place to spy and fire mines which were laid underwater . 2
The cause of the crash was determined to be crew error in attempting a descent below decision height without the runway environment in sight . 2
The steppe region had long been inhabited by nomads , and from the central steppes they could reach all areas of the Asian continent . 2
The landscape is mostly made of meadows . 2
The brightness of an object can be expressed in terms of its absolute magnitude . 2
Pumice is widely used to make lightweight concrete and insulative low-density cinder blocks . 3
In the late 19th century , baseball players started to wear the soft but long-lasting leather shoes . 2
Psyche is massive enough that its perturbations on other asteroids can be measured , which enables a mass measurement . 3
Many visual novels use voice actors to provide voices for the characters in the game . 2
Early photographers used it as a component of flash powder . 2
Visual stimuli are frequently considered elegant if a small number of colors and stimuli are used , emphasizing the remainder . 2
As the enamel and dentin are destroyed , the cavity becomes more noticeable . 2
There are not as many symphonies in A major as in D major or G major , but more than other sharp keys . 2
White is regarded by many as England 's first ecologist , and one of those who shaped the modern attitude of respect for nature . 2
Porcelain originated in China , and ' china ' is the common name of the product . 2
In four U.S. states the child is allowed to bring a wrongful life cause of action for such damages . 2
Making a stop-motion animation using clay is hard work . 2
His passion for science came from his lifelong love of horses . 2
A single leader makes a musical statement , and then the chorus responds together . 2
In lateral approximants , only the center of the tongue touches the roof of the mouth . 2
Georges Head was armed with four 80 pounder rifled muzzle loading guns and two 68 - pounder guns . 2
The game was separated into five episodes , released in two -month intervals . 2
Eukaryotic cells , including human cells , have a highly evolved process of secretion . 3
Pinnipeds spend many months at a time at sea , so they must sleep in the water . 2
Gender relations are another area examined by the stories . 2
The satellite was found at 0.25 arcsec from Orcus with magnitude difference of 2.7 . 2
Stalactites and stalagmites can also form on concrete ceilings and floors , but they form much more quickly on concrete than in the natural cave environment . 3
Products made from neem trees have been used in India for over two millennia for their medicinal properties . 3
With unarticulated wheels , climbing obstacles will cause the body of a vehicle to tilt . 3
The relief decoration was removed in 1945 . 2
Enzymes , which are chiral , usually only work with one enantiomer of a chiral substrate . 3
Farren died of cancer on 3 February 2016 . 1
The two aldehydes of greatest importance in industry , formaldehyde and acetaldehyde , have complicated behavior because of their tendency to oligomerize or polymerize . 3
Agrawal died on 11 October 2018 from heart failure complicated from starvation , aged 87 . 2
This technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of dies of decreasing size . 2
A computer program is written by a programmer . 2
In the earlier 1800s , young adults were expected to court with the intention of finding a marriage partner , not social reasons . 2
There are properties which allow one to recognize certain divisors of a number from the number 's digits . 2
Despite these protests , the film was critically celebrated , with praise directed towards its dialogues and the actors performances in particular . 2
The ride will not operate in the rain , even during drizzling conditions . 2
Coherence defines the behavior of reads and writes to the same memory location . 2
Eight anarchists were convicted of conspiracy . 2
The remarks generated controversy . 2
Fat feminism and the related fat acceptance movement originated in the late 1960s alongside second -wave feminism . 2
The metabolic rate varies between individuals . 2
In September 2002 , he was diagnosed with breast cancer . 2
In many societies shepherds were an important part of the economy . 3
Blood flows from the heart through arteries , which branch and narrow into arterioles , and then branch further into capillaries where nutrients and wastes are exchanged . 3
Another method of protection is the release of an acid from the skin . 2
By daybreak of June 17 , the British became aware of the presence of colonial forces on the Peninsula and mounted an attack against them that day . 2
Georges Head was armed with four 80 pounder cannons and two 68 pounder cannons . 2
The movie won two of its eight nominations . 2
By 1600 , rockets were being used in some parts of Europe . 2
This research contributed greatly to understanding the lateralization of brain function . 3
McAlpine died on 4 March 2018 at the age of 81 . 1
Video games were introduced in amusement arcades in the late 1970s and were most popular during the golden age of arcade video games , the early 1980s . 2
These poems do not prove that the punishment took place at the time they were written . 2
The English text comprises 108,260 words and is divided into two parts , each reading as a continuous narrative with no chapter divisions . 2
When yerba mate is harvested , the branches are often dried by a wood fire , imparting a smoky flavor . 2
A classic example is the thermal ring-opening reaction of 3,4 - dimethylcyclobutene . 3
Decapitation can also describe the removal of a head from a body that is already dead . 2
In the earliest day of naval warfare , there was little distinction between sailors and soldiers on a warship . 2
Three different definitions of the rosids were used . 2
Synthesis of polyesters is generally achieved by a polycondensation reaction . 3
On 26 September 1904 , he died of heart failure . 2
Gardenia plants are prized for the strong sweet scent of their flowers , which can be very large in size in some species . 2
France began his literary career as a poet and a journalist . 2
The plasma window emits a bright glow , with the color being dependent on the gas used . 2
In 2009 the commune had 677 inhabitants . 2
For most people , the process of smelling gives little information concerning the ingredients of a substance . 2
If a person still has a pulse , it is usually possible to terminate the episode using electric cardioversion . 3
The supergalactic coordinate system corresponds to a fundamental plane that contains a higher than average number of local galaxies in the sky as seen from Earth . 3
The design of the trains was finalized in September 2004 , and manufacture of two pre-production trains began in January 2005 . 2
A slightly different explanation focuses on the loss of the essential while holding on to what is not essential . 2
During December to March , the lake turns to a vibrant cobalt blue color . 2
Male convicts got paid for being servants or farm workers to free settlers , or in work groups on public works . 3
The population is almost entirely French-speaking . 2
He directed 13 feature films , wrote eleven and produced eight . 2
Puar died on 2 January 2015 following a short illness . 1
There is no effective treatment for Nipah virus infection until now . 2
Above the western entrance is the face of the astronomical clock , which was destroyed during the 30 year war . 3
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture and some livestock , tourism and trade with Haiti . 2
Newsam started to lose his eyesight in the year 1857 . 2
Cowbirds eat insects , including the large numbers that may be stirred up by cattle . 2
Pear trees are usually productive for 50 to 75 years though some still produce fruit after 100 years . 2
Many objects with sponge- like textures are now made of substances that do not come from poriferans . 2
The animal was robust with powerfully built jaws and very strong forelimbs . 2
The filming schedule was intended to last 138 days but grew to 160 . 2
Hydrazoic acid is very explosive . 3
In 1907 , residents of the town decided to incorporate . 2
Until the 1990s , there was little historical analysis of the events because of official censorship and lack of academic interest . 3
The first child born from egg donation was in 1983 in Australia . 2
Hemorrhoids are diagnosed by a doctor . 3
Following its discovery , Mab was given the code name S / 2003 U 1 . 2
The inclination of Earth 's orbit drifts up and down relative to its present orbit with a cycle having a period of about 70,000 years . 3
Strategies for wildfire prevention , detection , control and suppression have varied over the years . 3
Journalists sometimes expose themselves to danger , especially when reporting in areas of armed conflict or in places that do not respect the freedom of the press . 3
Before 2017 , Nepal was divided into five development regions which were then divided into zones . 2
The river was utilized primarily for agriculture by early European settlers . 2
The province has 8 districts and 28 municipalities . 2
Some moths are farmed for their economic value . 2
This was the first time that the federal government helped finance a structure dedicated to the performing arts . 2
TVLM513 - 46546 is the name scientists give to a flare star with very low mass . 2
There are two major styles of punctuation in English : British or American . 2
There are more than 90 flavors worldwide . 2
Moody died in hospital on 11 June 2015 , aged 91 . 1
Also sometimes seen in older deeds and contracts as a more traditional way of incorporating terms of reference . 2
Theaters is the number of theaters in which the movie is being shown . 1
In the Baroque period , music in C minor was usually written with a two -flat key signature . 2
For 95 - 97 % of cases , infection is resolved after one dose of metronidazole . 2
After winning a clear victory , and as pursuit became too hazardous near Wake , American forces retired . 2
From this beginning in the 1950s , a substantial theory has been built up . 2
ATMs may be found in stores and shopping malls . 2
Air cooling is making the temperature of an object lower using air . 2
Centers often coordinate with outside programs such as 211 . 2
Alcohol is the most available , widely consumed , and widely abused recreational drug . 2
The naked mole- rat does not regulate its body temperature in typical mammalian fashion . 2
However , it is an extremely persistent organic pollutant ; it does not easily break down . 2
Dumor died suddenly on 18 January 2014 , in London after suffering cardiac arrest . 3
The first paper issues of the Australian dollar were issued in 1966 . 2
All shrews are small , most no larger than a mouse . 2
There are many different versions of this song . 2
The golden everlasting has proven very adaptable to cultivation . 2
Credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes . 2
Stubing died on 3 July 2017 in Rome , age 76 . 1
An Event Cache is a gathering organized and attended by geocachers . 2
The parachute drop was a failure . 2
The drought caused a lot of desertification . 3
Diamond is one of the best known allotropes of carbon . 2
A downward diagonal attack to the side of the opponent 's neck or shoulder . 2
Originally shuttles were passed back and forth by hand . 2
Dragons in later Japanese folklore were influenced by Chinese and Indian myths . 2
Many different countries started raising money and sent medical teams or search and rescue teams to Haiti . 2
The saker and falcon had ranges of 360 and 320 yards if fired straight at the target , and 2,170 and 1,920 yards if fired in an upward arc . 2
Most of the finer sort of medieval manuscripts , whether illuminated or not , were written on vellum . 3
What sexual behavior is considered promiscuous varies between cultures , as does the prevalence of promiscuity . 3
Many different theories attempt to explain the nature and function of love . 2
The ovary typically develops into a capsule that splits along three or six longitudinal slits , while remaining closed at both ends . 3
Points are awarded to drivers and teams exclusively on where they finish in a race . 2
For road bicycle racing enthusiasts , the mountain can be climbed by three routes . 2
The region was known from ancient times for its exceptionally hot springs . 2
Animated sequels and movie-length episodes of animated series are also often released in this fashion . 2
The middlegame is the part of the game which starts after the opening . 2
The molecular structure of mauveine proved difficult to determine , finally being identified in 1994 . 3
Thandiani is characterized by excellent weather and lush greenery in the summer months , and snow-covered vistas and hills in the winter . 2
France is a secular country and the constitution guarantees freedom of religion . 2
The convention center has 615700 ft2 of exhibit area . 2
Perjury is considered a serious offense , as it can be used to usurp the power of the courts , resulting in miscarriages of justice . 3
Paper clips can be bent into a crude but sometimes effective lock picking device . 2
Traditionally , the didgeridoo was played as an accompaniment to ceremonial dancing and singing and for solo or recreational purposes . 2
Alcoholism can cause many health problems . 2
Caps and goals updated as of June 29 , 2019 . 1
Stotting makes a prey animal more visible , and uses up time and energy that could be spent on escaping from the predator . 2
The initial landings began at 04 : 50 on 19 August , with attacks on the two artillery batteries on the flanks of the main landing area . 2
We know of about 3,000 of these nebulae in our galaxy , compared to 200 billion stars . 2
In 2017 , the museum received 2,165,601 visitors , Scotland 's most popular visitor attraction that year . 2
The function or use of the dodecahedra remains a mystery ; no mention of them has been found in texts or pictures of the time . 3
In 2007 , Rose suffered a stroke that left him with speech and movement difficulties . 2
The naked mole rat can only regulate its body temperature in the typical mammalian fashion over a relatively narrow range of temperatures . 2
Copper is the electrical conductor in many categories of electrical wiring . 2
The piezoelectric effect is generally stronger in materials that also exhibit pyroelectricity , and all pyroelectric materials are also piezoelectric . 3
There have been a number of . 1
The lesser black - backed gull is smaller than the European herring gull . 2
Limited omnibus editions have 24 issues in a slipcase with several extras . 2
There is also a four color theorem , which is stronger , and much more difficult to prove . 2
Historically , a constable could also be someone in charge of the defence of a castle . 2
Under current rules and regulations , every movie made primarily in any dialect of Chinese language is eligible for competition . 2
Hemorrhoids are typically diagnosed by physical examination . 3
One legend says that the ship was doomed because priests were not allowed to board it in the customary manner . 3
The largest animals eat first , while the smaller ones follow a hierarchy . 2
It begins 4,750 years before the Gregorian calendar . 1
The boat was discovered in 1955 during the construction of the Dutch A28 motorway . 2
The first edition covered 45 objects numbered M1 to M45 . 2
The following artists spent the most weeks at number one on the chart during the 2000s . 2
The sea , characterized by severe climate , is frozen over most of the year . 2
The county is subdivided into municipalities . 2
The musical movie was a natural development of the stage musical . 2
Deep seismic events and tsunamis are fairly common . 2
The game is played for 80 minutes in two 40 - minute halves but there is an overtime if it goes on long enough . 2
The goal of stuttering modification therapy is not to get rid of stuttering but to change it so that stuttering is easier and less stressful . 2
Between 1948 and 1950 , she developed a theory : these mobile elements regulated genes by inhibiting or modulating their action . 3
The cause of type 1 diabetes is unknown . 2
These six exceptions are and the verbs formed out of them using prefixes . 2
The term cerebellar ataxia is used to indicate ataxia that is due to dysfunction of the cerebellum . 3
From the time the state was created until the election of 1966 , governors were elected to two -year terms . 2
The designation of a device as either input or output depends on perspective . 2
By the late 1950s , the motion picture business was again changing . 2
We will never be certain of the largest and smallest dinosaurs to have existed . 2
In the years between convict settlement and the start of the modern tourist industry the area most people worked in the timber industry and fishing . 2
The main criticisms were of the two -player mode , a first for the series . 2
More than 4400 m2 of the museum 's 11200 m2 is dedicated to exhibits in a series of chronological galleries celebrating the 3.9 - billion - year-history of life on Earth . 2
At first , this state of affairs might seem to be counter-intuitive . 2
While the entire council is responsible for leading the federal administration of Switzerland , each councilor heads one of the seven federal executive departments . 2
Most members of this family are ambush predators , in that they typically remain motionless in a camouflaged position , and then strike suddenly at passing prey . 3
Scientists have got new evidence , based on new and better ways of finding dates , using optically stimulated luminescence and Uranium - thorium dating of megafaunal bones . 3
In March 2011 , the band annoucned they would take a break . 2
Today , the local economy is mostly shopping and handcraft , with the largest employer being a clothing maker . 2
Largely because of their rugged , inaccessible habitat , they are very poorly known . 2
It is not possible to rent a car on the island . 1
The state and union territory capitals are sorted according to no legislative and judicial capitals . 2
The election results of 18 September were surprising because they differed widely from the polls of the previous weeks . 2
Since 2002 , he has also been an adviser of France . 2
At the 2009 Census , the commune had a population of 677 . 2
Even though the Fourth Coalition came to an end , Britain remained at war with France . 2
Various forms of competition can be referred to by the term championship . 2
The upper side of the wings is a dark reddish - brown color . 2
Inductors are used extensively in analog circuits and signal processing . 2
There was some controversy surrounding an immunity challenge in the final episode . 2
Each code consists of two parts , separated by a hyphen . 2
The largest animals usually eat first , while the smaller ones eat later . 2
The islands are a popular destination for Western tourists . 2
The precise origin of absinthe is unclear . 2
B. F. Skinner was responsible for a different type of machine which used his ideas on how learning should be directed with positive reinforcement . 3
Before the Early Dynastic Period , Egypt was settled with small , separate villages . 2
The speech lasted 40 minutes and 14 seconds and contained 5154 words . 2
Numbers one to six on the list are about events which are of huge importance , but about which we know relatively little . 2
A differential backup only copies the data that has changed since the last full backup . 2
Bopp died on January 6 , 2018 at the age of 68 . 1
Like Ulleung - do , the islets are volcanic rocks , with only a thin layer of soil and moss . 2
Cryptobranchids are large , fat salamanders , with folds of skin along their flanks . 3
Green toads are typically bright to pale green in color , with black spotting . 2
Nesomyids are small - to medium-sized rodents , with the largest being the size of a rat . 3
Chocolate syrup is also used in many desserts . 2
History was written about states or nations during the Renaissance . 2
The method compares words in a text to a set list of everyday words . 2
Some of the big kinetic energy found with flow at large mach numbers becomes internal energy in the fluid because of viscosity . 2
However , the principle is applied very broadly beyond bottles to paint and automobile parts such as tires . 2
The list is sorted by occupation and by nationality . 2
Fathers and sons who have been featured on the cover 1
Copper is the most widely used conductor in many kinds of electrical wiring . 2
The park experiences three seasons : summer , monsoon , and winter . 2
The rugged coastline has been the scene of a number of shipwrecks . 3
This is useful in the definition of degenerate conics , which require considering the cylindrical conics . 3
Cognitive dissonance theory proposes that people seek psychological consistency between their expectations of life and the existential reality of the world . 3
Militia members generally do not have access to women , so boys are sometimes kidnapped to be humiliated and raped by adult men . 2
From 1989 to 1993 the Hipparcos satellite took measurements for over 100,000 nearby stars . 2
The trip was fast , but the rate of people dying was the highest in the history of transportation to Australia . 2
Kodkods are equally active during the day and during the night , although they only venture into open terrain under the cover of darkness . 3
He died on 6 October 1837 in Paris . 1
The burgh has about 1,300 people , with about 25 per cent of pensionable age . 2
An aspis was deeply dished and made primarily of wood . 2
Lists of countries by population 1
Special types of stairs include escalators and ladders . 2
Originally , it was practiced in religion . 1
Terns breed in noisy colonies and lay their eggs on bare ground with little or no nest material . 2
On 29 August 2010 , trail bike riders discovered a human skeleton in the forest . 2
A hydraulis is an early type of pipe organ that was powered by water . 3
In the natural sciences , gradualism is the theory which holds that profound change is the cumulative product of slow but continuous processes , often contrasted with catastrophism . 3
The crossing over of optic nerve fibres at the optic chiasm allows the visual cortex to receive the same hemispheric visual field from both eyes . 3
Several factors can end a support order for a child under the age of majority . 2
A significant factor is the energy needed for a reasonable travel time . 2
Oats are also commonly used as feed for horses when extra carbohydrates and the subsequent boost in energy are required . 3
Lutes are made almost entirely of wood . 2
Many forms of amnesia fix themselves without being treated . 2
The main economic activities of the municipality are the same as the province : tourism , agriculture and fishing . 2
In the C programming language , 2
He also persuaded his authority to buy new equipment because he wanted a modern , efficient police force . 2
On poor , dry soils there are tropical heathlands . 2
Occasionally in ancient times , writings were attributed to celebrated authors but were not written by them . 2
Before the unification of Egypt , the land was settled with autonomous villages . 2
This list is in chronological order by genus . 3
The main rooftop mast has two FM master antennas , and a television antenna . 2
The cantons are listed in their order of precedence given in the federal constitution . 2
The rebec can have any number of strings from one to five , although three is the most common number . 2
If an algebraic equation is over the rationals , it can always be converted to an equivalent one , where all the coefficients are integers . 3
For people who keep getting infections , taking antibiotics for a long time is helpful . 2
U Thant died of lung cancer in New York on November 25 , 1974 . 2
In the United States , teasel is an invasive species . 2
At the highest level , all of England is divided into nine regions that are each made up of a number of counties and districts . 2
A true claw is made of hard protein called keratin . 2
Duroplast is light , flexible , and strong . 3
Bird eggs are a common food and one of the most versatile ingredients used in cooking . 2
Death masks were increasingly used by scientists from the late 18th century onwards to record variations in human physiognomy . 2
If we take another sample of 25 cups , we could easily expect to find mean values like 250.4 or 251.1 grams . 2
Before the event went live on pay-per-view , a dark match was held which was an 18 - man interpromotional battle royal . 3
His lectures frequently lasted for three or four hours . 2
Teams are given up to four clues and must try to figure out the connection between them within 40 seconds . 2
Lamarck gradually turned blind ; he died in Paris on 18 December 1829 . 2
However , recent research shows that the hotspot itself may have moved with time . 2
Winters died on 23 April 2019 , at the age of 80 . 1
During the new library association 's first two years 75 volumes were purchased with an additional 150 donated . 2
There are two types of softball : fastpitch and slow pitch . 2
Four types of endorphins are created in the human body . 2
Another problem for many small businesses is the capacity of much larger businesses to influence or sometimes determine their chances for success . 2
A total of 1,084,000 rounds of ammunition had been taken and removed in thirteen lorries with no casualties . 3
Later reception of the album has been mostly positive . 2
Measurements made in the laboratory are essential to our understanding of the sources and sinks of pollutants and naturally occurring compounds . 2
Tourism was , and continues to be one of the more important economic enterprises for the municipality . 2
Recent editions have focused on record feats by person competitors . 2
Pallor is seen most easily on the face and palms . 2
This suborder contains only two families at present . 2
Emecheta died in her sleep at her home in London on 25 January 2017 from complications of a stroke , aged 72 . 2
Unlike most earlier display protocols , X was specifically designed to be used over network connections rather than on an integral or attached display device . 2
The choice of which Instruction Set Architecture to use greatly affects the complexity of implementing high performance devices . 2
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture . 2
Leaf insects use camouflage to take on the appearance of a leaf . 2
A vowel can be placed between consonants to separate them . 3
Typically , battle royale contestants are only given one life to play ; any players who die are not allowed to respawn . 2
Attempts have been periodically made to raise sheep there . 2
There is also a lieutenant - governor and an administrator . 2
Its presence is revealed by a keyhole - shaped hole in the sand , made by its siphons during suspension feeding for plankton . 3
Several former cast members are scheduled to return to the show , or have been asked back . 2