I do n't often wear ball gowns . 1
He is the man whose daughter is missing . 1
I wish I could have finished it . 1
Do n't wear khakis to the business meeting . 1
This huge store only has three cashiers ! 1
Sugar was bad for Henry . 1
There is no more water . 1
He 's got a girlfriend . 1
The driver did n't know where to turn . 1
Shall I teach you to dance ? 1
He asked the teacher what to do . 1
I forgot to bring my umbrella . 1
We watch the Olympics on TV . 1
I wish I could be a scientist . 1
There is a photographer 's studio over there . 1
I wish it could be different . 1
Have you met our brother ? 1
I was called twice about it . 1
She cooks for her little brother . 1
We have n't met yet . 1
She went looking for her dog . 1
We are against elephant hunting . 1
I wish I knew who broke in to our house . 1
I ca n't read all of these books . 1
The teacher loves picking on me . 1
She sat at the table in front of ours . 1
I have n't changed anything . 1
Would you hand me that white one ? 1
Have you just arrived ? 1
She had a beautiful necklace around her neck . 1
John knew they were bad people . 1
Were there dogs at the park ? 1
The trees planted last year look great . 1
Can you keep a secret ? 1
We went to look for food . 1
Sitting for too long is a bad idea . 1
Did you get what you wanted ? 1
You must feel very sick . 1
Pass me that football . 1
They 've just asked her to stay another year . 1
I was excited because Stella and I had 500 dollars to share between the two of us . 1
Have you seen my sneakers ? 1
Mother was happy to finally get a new dog after Daisy died . 1
I told you he could do it . 1
My car was damaged in that parking lot . 1
The food was brought on beautiful plates . 1
Is it already 5 p. m.? 1
Gloria always wore very big earrings . 1
Every day he tells his wife not to worry but I know she does . 1
I got bored at the beach . 1
Let 's wait in front of the store . 1
The soccer stadium was full of fans . 1
I 'd like to be a godmother . 1
There were many rabbits at the petting zoo . 1
I 'm looking for a carpenter . 1
There were not many swimmers in the water . 1
She was as beautiful as they said . 1
Her hair was as soft as silk . 1
I have n't seen her since we were in high school together . 1
They often liked doing things together . 1
Do you think you were changed by what you saw ? 1
If we were all alike , life would be boring . 1
I think that one is his . 1
She gave him a new cup . 1
I do n't know where I put my house keys last night . 1
We did n't want to wake the sleeping girls . 1
Her smile told me everything I needed to know . 1
It 's hard to tell if these are my socks or his . 1
Have you seen it already ? 1
If she had known , she 'd have stayed . 1
There will be war . 1
My mother calls every weekend . 1
It is as hot as the desert . 1
If he were my father , I 'd write him . 1
In order to lose weight , he ate vegetables . 1
I felt sad after watching that movie . 1
I told him I would do it . 1
Movies produced in Hollywood are popular . 1
It will be April soon , so I will finally get to see beautiful cherry blossom trees . 1
He learned when to start dancing . 1
This is the room where it all began . 1
We heard frogs near the lake . 1
Have you ever been on a plane ? 1
There are a lot of sheep in Ireland . 1
If he was a few years older , he could join . 1
She went home late . 1
Carley went shopping for a dress today . 1
They were cycling in the mountains . 1
I think I need to lose a few more kilograms . 1
I love this illustrator ! 1
We waited a long time for her arrival . 1
It 's football season in America . 1
Fortunately , salad was Gina 's favorite food . 1
She hoped to find a good job at the job fair . 1
The women coming over today are my friends . 1
He spoke to both of us . 1
I tried to clean up . 1
That parking lot is full . 1
I wish I could be more like you . 1
He walked around the garden . 1
We hired a new gardener . 1
I hope to go to France one day . 1
He loves his sneakers more than his regular shoes . 1
Many children picked the fruit . 1
Shall I help you with your homework ? 1
Did you forget yours ? 1
She started counting sheep so she could sleep . 1
My parents died many years ago . 1
I wish we were all together again for one last dinner . 1
They wish they could be happy . 1
She ate spaghetti every week . 1
Where did you buy that beautiful pair of pajamas ? 1
She was happy but now she is sad . 1
I have been teaching here for many years . 1
Have you started your new job yet ? 1
This iPad is as fast as a desktop computer . 1
He had very powerful legs . 1
He 's got a bad temper . 1
He ran to the bus stop . 1
My tooth is loose . 1
I wish she could have seen it . 1
Since she was n't feeling well today , she was working badly . 1
Driving is something I enjoy doing . 1
Are you on the field hockey team ? 1
They usually go to sleep early . 1
I miss my mom . 1
I grew up with three brothers . 1
Have you met the groom yet ? 1
Would you like me to carry that for you ? 1
I wish we could go again . 1
I do n't know why he dislikes me . 1
He was as old as my father . 1
Was there a man or a woman in the car ? 1
I wish I could be there when she arrives , but I have another appointment . 1
Both of them finished their homework . 1
It was a wonderful place to view the sunset . 1
Jane had a nice jacket collection . 1
This is made of paper . 1
I have been ill since morning . 1
Have you seen hers ? 1
He 's already gone to bed . 1
She was as helpless as a baby . 1
I asked him to leave . 1
Nothing is as good as my mother 's homemade seafood pasta . 1
We learned about clouds today . 1
Her eyes were closed . 1
I wish I had known . 1
Everyone clapped their hands after the performance . 1
I wonder why people still die of curable diseases . 1
The school allowed him to perform . 1
I wish I had some cool water to drink . 1
Her little brother liked collecting pocket knives . 1
I thought I had to talk to him . 1
Is it Tuesday already ? 1
Has it already been finished ? 1
It was painted blue . 1
A baby sheep is called a lamb . 1
That was the spot where the tree was . 1
I wish she could have forgiven him . 1
Who is the Israeli prime minister now ? 1
Limestone is often used in cement . 1
If they had gone north , we could have followed them . 1
The dog learned to sit . 1
I was born here . 1
No one had money . 1
Everyone looked for the missing boys . 1
I have just started my new job . 1
Chicken is healthier than beef . 1
We can watch the planes from here . 1
Her son became a dentist . 1
A man dressed as a policeman was asking questions . 1
He decided to buy flowers for his wife while he was out . 1
Have you changed your socks ? 1
Many things were broken . 1
They were married in Rome . 1
The food is usually good there . 1
The temperature is really mild this morning . 1
This area is known for its peaches . 1
You have nothing left . 1
They 'd be angry if she had gone too . 1
Her heart was broken . 1
I said I was going home . 1
The new US school year starts in September . 1
Her arm was broken . 1
He could n't stop looking at her . 1
He does n't know how to do it . 1
Did you tell her where to meet us ? 1
He suddenly got angry . 1
If you wanted to talk to someone , who would you call ? 1
I found his keys by the door . 1
Obama is a person whose power is respected . 1
She always put apples in her yogurt . 1
The plane was as small as a car . 1
I wish I could have done it . 1
You can use ours . 1
I wish I could find that book . 1
Pass me that ball , would you ? 1
We learned to dance . 1
That 's the house where they went to play video games last week . 1
The animals began to run . 1
He told us what he had seen . 1
The woman listening to the music looked so happy . 1
If I lived here , I 'd be so happy ! 1
He had to wear a tie to work . 1
I thought I saw him . 1
There is a storm coming . 1
She would like you to come with us . 1
The train stopped before I arrived at my station . 1
His bird died suddenly . 1
Halloween is in October . 1
I wish we could tell them . 1
Our kids have trouble deciding what to wear to school . 1
She 's just sent me a letter . 1
He walked through the door . 1
Where are the kids ? 1
She always wore boots with heels . 1
Please return my book as soon as possible . 1
Blue crabs are famous in this area . 1
We have been to England as well as to France . 1
Have you already had your lunch ? 1
Did you brush your teeth ? 1
Do you want to read this book ? 1
We rushed to the place where we last saw her . 1
It was time for dinner . 1
This is my bag . 1
These houses were built before the war . 1
What if we went together ? 1
I wish I could go out tonight . 1
His wife is Vietnamese . 1
I wish they would stop knocking on my door . 1
Have you seen my sister ? 1
He has already left for his class . 1
Does it snow here ? 1
The temperature dropped as low as minus 20 . 1
Most sharks are not dangerous . 1
I miss the way my mother laughed . 1
He died doing what he believed in . 1
Can you draw the British flag ? 1
Louis finds fashion interesting . 1
Look at that shooting star ! 1
His grandfather retired last year . 1
Both of you are late . 1
Have you been studying French ? 1
He was n't allowed to have any alcohol . 1
There were leaves in her hair . 1
Have you ever seen this kind of issue before ? 1
Have you ever seen anything like this before ? 1
She does n't know what she is doing . 1
She said she has not seen anyone all night . 1
I do n't know what to do about those noisy neighbors . 1
I became interested in Japan . 1
She said she had something to tell you but she did n't say what it was . 1
The Americans fought in the Vietnamese War . 1
It 's too hot to sleep . 1
There were twenty people in the room . 1
She asked me to stay . 1
Do your work , or you wo n't get paid . 1
Have either of you guys finished the homework ? 1
I 'm not sure when to use this unusual fork . 1
She is jealous of your dog . 1
Is that the house where we met ? 1
The doctor asked if he had come to yet . 1
There will be consequences . 1
It is close to the station but far from home . 1
She 's made a lot of friends . 1
I left the house on time but the train was late . 1
She dropped the napkin on the floor . 1
Because his fingers were broken , he could no longer play the piano . 1
If I had known it would be like this , I would n't have come ! 1
I met someone who is also from Vancouver . 1
We should ask Amanda how to start a volunteer project . 1
I am a high- level manager in a small company . 1
If you were me , what would you choose ? 1
This will help them to improve . 1
She made many friends before leaving the country . 1
I 'd like you to meet my parents . 1
It was summer when I saw her again . 1
It is easy to understand people who speak clearly . 1
He always had a toothpick in his mouth . 1
Were there any dresses you wanted to buy ? 1
Do you have plans to travel to Europe this year ? 1
We sat watching the sunset . 1
We love to invite our friends over . 1
I could n't do it even if I tried . 1
It happened a long time ago . 1
Lisa does not always want to spend time with her boyfriend . 1
We rarely see each other . 1
You look like your sister . 1
She is an FBI agent . 1
It was the day when she broke her arm . 1
Some pop singers have no talent . 1
Is there a problem ? 1
You ca n't pet service dogs or police dogs . 1
How many frogs are in your aquarium ? 1
I wish she could be there . 1
The alarm will ring in a second . 1
Is there any of the vegetable spaghetti left from last night 's dinner ? 1
Liz got up quietly . 1
Few people liked her . 1
I lent her my coat . 1
I do n't like wearing skirts during winter . 1
My printer ran out of ink . 1
It was that time when you got sick . 1
I wish I could find my real parents . 1
She often wore her pajamas until noon . 1
He planned to kill the president . 1
When was this built ? 1
Could you get my waiter , please ? 1
If he went on Saturday , there might be less traffic . 1
Let me get you your coat . 1
I wish I could tell them good-bye . 1
The windows were locked . 1
There were two tigers at the zoo . 1
The Seto Ohashi Bridge was built in the 1980s . 1
I like dogs more than cats . 1
This was hers , and she gave it to me a few years before she died . 1
The meat was still a little too raw . 1
If it were me , I 'd join . 1
Nothing in this dinosaur museum is real . 1
She runs very fast . 1
There is very little traffic on Sundays here . 1
Mayweather is the current heavy weight champion . 1
The sun began to rise . 1
Who is your favorite Japanese artist ? 1
I do not always listen to music . 1
I 've spoken with all the parents except for his . 1
Let 's go for a bike ride . 1
The second semester begins in September . 1
She keeps the key in a flower pot by the door . 1
The story was covered by many reporters . 1
She does n't want this one . 1
The dryer ate my sock . 1
It was a great role that made him famous . 1
My aunt had three daughters . 1
He ran around the park . 1
Do you know what to say if you are stopped by the police ? 1
I have just finished my homework . 1
You 've made a promise . 1
I wish we could have gone to the movies . 1
She must go home soon . 1
If I found myself in a new city , I 'd take a tour . 1
I wish I could tell you who was responsible , but we may never know . 1
There are many kinds of fruit in the world . 1
Megan started playing soccer during the summer break . 1
Do not listen to your older sister because she is not always right . 1
There is a teacher from France . 1
Yesterday was one of the warmest days so far . 1
He failed the test to become a firefighter . 1
Your mother told me all about your new job when I called last night . 1
May I speak with your boss ? 1
She only has a few friends . 1
Have you ever been married ? 1
I hope to become a teacher . 1
They were all required to wear suits . 1
Is that your bike ? 1
He has a talking dog . 1
Freestyle snowboarding is now an Olympic sport . 1
I would love to live in a house like this one . 1
He is a man whose career has been long and successful . 1
Carrie knew her sister was happy . 1
Many cities have metros . 1
We were planning to go together , but she got sick . 1
Shall we take Jessica to the hospital ? 1
The plastic chair is broken . 1
Mother was too shy to wear a bikini . 1
These are the friends whose names you know . 1
That boy seems interested in you . 1
I will come with you to make sure you are okay . 1
Which Canadian cities have you visited ? 1
You must not get too close to the fire . 1
I always wanted to be an athlete . 1
That was the moment when they sang . 1
Have you started classes yet ? 1
Her dress was emerald green . 1
I wish I could have stayed there forever on that beach . 1
I feel it necessary to speak up . 1
It should get cooler in the afternoon . 1
Has the movie just started ? 1
I said this movie must be good . 1
I would have done it differently if I had known . 1
Now I am being called by Softbank , too ! 1
He felt his chest tighten . 1
She 's changed her major from math to chemistry . 1
He painted his room blue . 1
She taught her children to be polite . 1
It took the boat a year to travel across the whole world . 1
She had beautiful , long hair . 1
The band started to play . 1
She 's so quiet that we forget she 's here . 1
She began to walk more and more slowly . 1
I wish I was rich . 1
These were the men who ran the red light . 1
Have you just finished ? 1
Were there people at the concert ? 1
We stood looking at the sky . 1
We 've lived in Tokyo for a long time . 1
There was a red car parked there . 1
I wish I had a cat . 1
They must be exhausted after their three month journey in Africa . 1
Her eyes looked like emeralds . 1
I wish it would stop raining . 1
Jack kept a white mouse as a pet . 1
The presenter started to speak . 1
Have you ever been in a limo ? 1
There are twenty children in one class . 1
Lady Gaga is a woman whom many young people enjoy . 1
My sister might leave early today . 1
He was followed by the police . 1
Please ask your father to call me . 1
It is difficult to talk to her peacefully . 1
Emily finished her homework before she got too tired . 1
Many Russians died in WWII . 1
There is a hole in my sneakers . 1
All children need a good education . 1
Did you have a chance to speak to your boss ? 1
He caused a problem . 1
He always boiled his broccoli . 1
She put jam on her toast . 1
He never talks about his ex-wife . 1
It will start getting chilly in Tokyo soon . 1
Do n't go swimming over there . 1
Sushi is raw fish . 1
What 's the date today ? 1
She got what she wanted . 1
Is this the spot where the restaurant is ? 1
Is that your car ? 1
He fell on his knees . 1
The teacher asked him to close the windows . 1
I need to see my dentist for this toothache . 1
They could n't find anyone . 1
I ca n't wait for the day when we have flying cars . 1
It was found yesterday . 1
The park near our house reminds me of our first date . 1
Children are not allowed in bars . 1
Have you got your homework ? 1
There 's not enough salt . 1
What if she went with us ? 1
It was the teacher who wrote that . 1
I will do it as soon as I return . 1
Children love to play outdoors . 1
The divers were protected by a metal cage . 1
It would be better if I went . 1
Not all adults are always correct in what they do or say . 1
I hate Monday morning . 1
Wow , what a beautiful fabric . 1
Who wants to lead the way ? 1
It was found on the train . 1
Spotlight is a movie about some Boston reporters . 1
We show children how to be creative . 1
They planned to go to Canada . 1
She always had an apple for snack . 1
Harrison got very excited when his parents gave him a car . 1
It 's time to go . 1
Have you made up your mind ? 1
In order to save time , he drove . 1
If I had found it , you 'd know . 1
I prefer mild climates . 1
It will rain tonight so you should take an umbrella . 1
Have you seen my book ? 1
I do n't like heavy metal music . 1
John did n't know why Amanda was so angry at him . 1
I do n't know where I 'm going . 1
All of you should leave . 1
I have lived in Japan as well as in Canada . 1
He won an award for best actor . 1
I do n't know who she is . 1
The area was best known for their pineapples . 1
None of them drink . 1
It started raining during our picnic . 1
He said he had to come . 1
I have never met his girlfriend but I have seen her . 1
Is the dog safe to pet ? 1
It is close to our house . 1
The train stopped suddenly . 1
The doors must be locked by midnight . 1
I wish I could find my other sock . 1
Latin is a dead language . 1
Who is your favorite illustrator ? 1
Shall we start the conference now ? 1
Eating more vegetables will help you to feel better . 1
Tell him when to leave . 1
We always see red fruit in the autumn . 1
We saw a brown mouse run across the road . 1
He has done more than anyone else . 1
She 's inviting all her friends to the picnic . 1
She knows a place where we can go . 1
Her grandfather loved his steak rare . 1
Let 's eat fish as many times as possible . 1
Have you lost your mind ? 1
The dogs started to fight . 1
Is there enough water ? 1
I buy my bread from a local baker . 1
Her leg was broken in the crash . 1
I 'd like you to set the table for dinner . 1
My mother - in- law died three years ago . 1
He pressed the leaf in the pages of an old book . 1
I made dinner while you were napping . 1
It has been raining since Tuesday . 1
I have n't mailed it yet . 1
It was then that I saw her . 1
If it had been yours , you 'd cry . 1
My grandson visits often . 1
She is the woman whose research has been published . 1
Put away the winter pajamas . 1
Have you done it yet ? 1
Tokyo is preparing for the 2020 Olympics . 1
I 've never been outside of Japan . 1
The teacher often gave out chocolate . 1
We had lobster for Jake 's birthday dinner . 1
If we had known , we 'd have come . 1
None of them were confident they would win . 1
He liked his beef medium rare . 1
Pick up your pajamas . 1
I find it easy to sleep . 1
Do you know what the kids ate for dinner last night ? 1
The highway is faster . 1
I wish I could be your friend . 1
There were several lobsters in the tank . 1
What a gorgeous sunset ! 1
This is an area where most people drive rather than walk . 1
Can anyone lend me a pencil ? 1
There are few girls in the soccer team . 1
Everyone needs healthy food . 1
You are as beautiful as ever to me . 1
She put makeup on every day . 1
What a boring teacher ! 1
That is the house where she works as a maid . 1
They stood watching us from the window . 1
I wish I could go back in time . 1
She is a woman whom many people respect . 1
My grandmother was always wonderful at telling bedtime stories . 1
The police came looking for the thief . 1
The story brought us hope . 1
He was a respected man in his community . 1
Those musicians ' guitars were stolen . 1
Her eyes were as kind as ever . 1
The children have already gone to sleep . 1
Tokyo is one of the most exciting cities in the world . 1
That was the day when she knew her life had changed . 1
In order to get there on time , he left work early . 1
She received a ring from her boyfriend . 1
There was a girl killed here yesterday . 1
Did your wife come with you ? 1
There are plans to build a new library at my school . 1
I slept while he was gone . 1
He 's my big brother . 1
He is a man whom I trust . 1
Why do you always wear sneakers ? 1
My dog died when I was five . 1
I need a place to put my bag . 1
It 's too windy to sit outside . 1
I love my cashmere sweater ! 1
That clock is five minutes fast . 1
You must teach her where to go . 1
Jill was always excited to eat melons . 1
You may go to the concert if you pay for it . 1
Where are my khaki shorts ? 1
He ran across the basketball court . 1
If it was his , where did it go ? 1
Keep your knees up when you jump . 1
I am very content with life and every day is filled with laughter . 1
Vegetables are very healthy for you . 1
I lost my gold ring . 1
I am not sad either . 1
She is a woman whom many people like . 1
Stadium food is expensive . 1
He left early in order to get home . 1
She had to start over . 1
Turkey sandwich was her favorite . 1
She said I could borrow hers . 1
I wish I could tell them that I forgive them . 1
She was the woman whose name was forgotten . 1
There was nothing to save after the fire . 1
She will do it as soon as she comes back from lunch . 1
All the dishes were broken in the earthquake . 1
My flight leaves at two o'clock . 1
Some students did n't come to class . 1
I could n't believe what he said . 1
I have lunch after third period . 1
Do you know what book he was reading ? 1
The room started to shake . 1
Can you teach her how to walk ? 1
She works on Wall Street . 1
You can find the contractor in his office . 1
He never listens to what I say . 1
I 'd be so happy if she lived here . 1
Green vegetables are always good for you . 1
How long ago did it happen ? 1
He 's very good at taking care of children . 1
I do n't know how he did it . 1
She is very excited about her upcoming trip . 1
How many children do you have ? 1
It was past twelve when we arrived home . 1
I wish I were smarter . 1
That 's the house where guests stay . 1
Mother loved mixing cream with everything . 1
I wish I could go to bed instead of doing all this homework . 1
What would you do if you were me ? 1
Do you have kids ? How many ? 1
Would you mind if our friends came with us ? 1
That was the day when we saw it . 1
I did n't tell her to go . 1
Nobody had enough money . 1
The baby kept crying . 1
Have you already done it ? 1
Have you been staying up late ? 1
Larry has a shark 's tooth . 1
Whales are generally peaceful animals . 1
She placed her bag on the floor . 1
This school has many hard -working teachers . 1
They may be at the restaurant already . 1
Each story is different from the others . 1
They went skiing last winter . 1
She strained her neck . 1
Have you changed your hairstyle ? 1
College is expensive to go to . 1
That child has a puppy . 1
I would like you to do it before dinner . 1
Could you lend me that book ? 1
The staff have n't opened the office yet . 1
David sent his friend a wedding gift . 1
She has already arrived . 1
He needs to make it clear . 1
She had warm brown eyes . 1
He gave the boys some money to buy their mother some flowers . 1
I did n't know where you went . 1
I told her to visit again soon . 1
I told her to call me if there was any news on his condition . 1
I wish I had a friend . 1
I 've never seen a movie about frogs . 1
It is in the mountains where you see beautiful trees . 1
Have you ever gone to sleep on a train ? 1
There have been fights . 1
Ben must like his new car a lot . 1
Who is the author of that book ? 1
We have to change planes in New York . 1
She joined the U.S. Sailing Team . 1
The students were bored . 1
I forgot my slippers but she let me borrow hers . 1
She is usually understanding . 1
Do you know what you 're doing this weekend ? 1
You may drive my car . 1
It 's easy to buy silk in Asia . 1
We were very close to going to France , but the flight was canceled . 1
Blouses are more feminine than shirts . 1
Will you allow us to go ? 1
He recently started boxing . 1
Not all people like to have their pictures taken . 1
I want to eat something sweet . 1
These sneakers are so soft I could wear them to sleep in . 1
I shop where I see happy employees . 1
Sometimes the baby would not stop crying . 1
Do you have weekend plans ? 1
There was a car parked next to the house . 1
He did n't know how he should state that . 1
When was the last time you saw yours ? 1
She often shared her boots with her sister . 1
It is difficult to see you in pain . 1
He has already opened all his birthday gifts . 1
That 's the house where we hope to live . 1
Have you been doing your homework ? 1
Today is another weekday . 1